<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.33
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>a2043010zex-10_33.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.33
<TEXT>

<PAGE>


                                                                 Exhibit 10.33


                              AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE
                                       TO
               ACTIVEPRESS JOURNAL HOSTING AND DELIVERY AGREEMENT


         This Amendment Number One to activePress Journal Hosting and Delivery
Agreement (this "Amendment"), dated an effective as of January 1, 2001, amends
that certain activePress Journal Hosting and Delivery Agreement (the "Journal
Agreement") dated as of January 1, 2000 by and between HealthGate Data Corp., a
Delaware corporation having an address at 25 Corporate Drive, Suite 310,
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803 ("HealthGate"), Blackwell Publishers Limited,
having an address of Osney Mead, Oxford OX2 0EL, United Kingdom [and being
formerly know as Blackwell Science Limited] ("Blackwell"), and Munksgaard
International Publishers Limited, having an address of 35 Norre Sogade,
Copenhagen DK 1016 Denmark ("Munksgaard", and together with Blackwell,
collectively, the "Publisher"). Capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Journal Agreement.

         The Parties agree that Blackwell Publishing shall be defined as
Blackwell Science Ltd, Blackwell Publishers Ltd, Munksgaard and affiliated
publishing companies.

                                    RECITALS

         Since the effective date of the Journal Agreement, the Software and the
desire of the Publisher for increased services for the Site have evolved to a
sufficient degree that HealthGate and the Publisher desire to amend the Journal
Agreement to better reflect such evolution and the agreement of the parties
going forward from the date of this Amendment.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises
set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as
follows:

1.       AMENDMENTS. The Journal Agreement is hereby amended as follows:

         (a)      SCHEDULES A, B, C, D and E are deleted and replaced in their
                  entirety by the Site Service Plan attached hereto as SCHEDULE
                  A and incorporated herein by reference (the "Site Service
                  Plan"), and all references to said Schedules in the Journal
                  Agreement shall be deemed references to SCHEDULE A attached
                  hereto;

         (b)      SECTION 1 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 1 as follows:

                  "1.      SITE.


                           HealthGate shall host the Content on a Web site with
                           the address of http://www.blackwell-synergy.com (the
                           "Site"). HealthGate shall make the Content and
                           portions thereof accessible in an online interactive
                           mode for searching, access, review, displaying in a
                           Web browser or on computer


<PAGE>

                           terminals, downloading, and printing on users'
                           Web-enabled computer equipment."


         (c)      SECTION 2 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 2 as follows:

                  "2.      SITE SERVICE PLAN.


                           The Site Service Plan set forth in SCHEDULE A
                           attached hereto contains:

                           (a)      service and support specifications,
                                    including agreed communication procedures
                                    for the notification and rectification of
                                    service errors;

                           (b)      procedures and processes for adding new
                                    Content, which shall be done by the
                                    Publisher; and

                           (c)      details and descriptions of the functions
                                    and features and procedures for making minor
                                    enhancements to the Software, as defined in
                                    SECTION 3."


         (d)      SECTION 3 (Content Maintenance Plan) is deleted and SECTIONS 4
                  - 24 are hereby renumbered SECTIONS 3 - 23, accordingly, and
                  all Section references hereinafter made, and in the Journal
                  Agreement, shall be deemed to be references to such renumbered
                  Sections.

         (e)      SECTION 3 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 3 as follows:

                  "3.      SOFTWARE.

                           HealthGate has developed, licensed or otherwise
                           acquired software to operate the Site (collectively
                           the "Software"). The Site Service Plan contains
                           details and descriptions of the Software's functions
                           and features and procedures for making minor
                           enhancements to the Software. Notwithstanding the
                           foregoing, the Publisher may elect to request the
                           development of additional functions or features not
                           described in the Site Service Plan. The fee for such
                           development shall be as prescribed in SECTION 10 and
                           shall be based upon the amount of labor time
                           (measured in hours) required by HealthGate to
                           evaluate, create and test each request. All such
                           development and associated fees must have the prior
                           written approval of the Publisher."

         (f)      SECTION 4 is amended by deleting Roberta Pokigo as one of the
                  HealthGate Project Managers and replacing her with Andy
                  Cowenhoven, deleting Ian Bannerman and Alan Bacon as Publisher
                  Project Managers and replacing them with Dan Gozdiff and David
                  Sommer.


                                       2
<PAGE>

         (g)      The second sentence of SECTION 5, which begins "The Publisher,
                  at its expense, ..." and ends "...the Content Maintenance
                  Plan." is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  second sentence which reads as follows:

                  "The Publisher, at its expense, shall update the Content using
                  the Software."

         (h)      SECTION 8 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 8 as follows:

                  "8.      ACTIVITY REPORTS.

                           "During the time that HealthGate hosts the Site,
                           HealthGate shall provide to the Publisher activity
                           reports detailing performance, access and usage of
                           the Site. Such activity reports are described in the
                           Site Service Plan."

         (i)      The reference in SECTION 9 (Advertising) to SECTION 10(g) is
                  deemed to be a reference to SECTION 10(d) after giving effect
                  to the amendment of SECTION 10 set forth below.

         (j)      SECTION 10 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 10 as follows:

                  "10.     SCHEDULE OF FEES.

                           (a)      ANNUAL HOSTING. The Publisher shall remit to
                                    HealthGate an annual hosting, Content
                                    storage and Software maintenance fee of
                                    $1,300,000 for each year of the Initial
                                    Term. This fee shall entitle the Publisher
                                    (i) to have up to 313 individual journal
                                    titles mounted and accessible through the
                                    Site and shall apply whether or not the
                                    Publisher supplies HealthGate with Content
                                    for 313 individual journal titles, (ii) an
                                    allowance of 48 working days (equivalent to
                                    384 hours) of development labor time per
                                    year for HealthGate to make minor changes to
                                    the Software as requested by the Publisher
                                    and agreed to by HealthGate, whose agreement
                                    shall not be unreasonably withheld, and
                                    (iii) 200 gigabytes of storage of the
                                    Content on the Hardware. If the Publisher
                                    supplies HealthGate with Content from more
                                    than 313 individual titles, the Publisher
                                    shall remit to HealthGate an annual fee of
                                    $1650 for each additional individual journal
                                    title of the Content mounted and accessible
                                    through the Site. Further, if the Publisher
                                    chooses to supply Content from journal
                                    titles in excess of the initial 313 and
                                    these additional titles shall be in the form
                                    of bibliographic headers and PDF files only,
                                    then the annual conversion fee shall be
                                    $1450. In addition, in the event the Content
                                    requires in excess of 200 gigabytes of
                                    storage on the Hardware, such excess storage
                                    needs shall be accessible to the Publisher
                                    at an annual rate of $600 for each
                                    additional gigabyte of storage of the
                                    Content on the Hardware.


                                       3
<PAGE>

                           (b)      ADDITIONAL SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT. The
                                    Publisher shall remit to HealthGate a fee of
                                    $1,200 for each 8 hours of labor time used
                                    for the development of additional Software
                                    functions or features that are not described
                                    in the Site Service Plan as part of
                                    HealthGate's general maintenance and
                                    upgrading of the Software.

                           (c)      PROCESSING FEE. The Publisher shall remit a
                                    Processing Fee, as described in SECTION 7
                                    above, equal to 25% of each Information Fee
                                    relating to the on-line sale of an
                                    individual journal article processed by
                                    HealthGate. The minimum Processing Fee shall
                                    be equal to $4.00 per sales transaction
                                    processed by HealthGate. Information Fees
                                    relating to the sale of a journal
                                    subscription are not subject to a processing
                                    fee.

                           (d)      ADVERTISING. Each party shall receive 30% of
                                    the gross advertising revenue for
                                    advertising sales on the Site (as described
                                    in Section 9) originated by the other party.
                                    Advertising can be sold either on the basis
                                    of a per thousand impressions rate or on the
                                    basis of a time-limited period, subject to
                                    minimum fees of $10 per thousand impressions
                                    and $100 per page per month.

                           (e)      ACTIVITY REPORTS. All payments and fees
                                    described in SECTION 10(c) shall be based
                                    upon the relevant activity reports
                                    referenced in SECTION 8 and described in the
                                    Site Service Plan.

                           (f)      ESCROW ACCOUNT. The Publisher shall pay all
                                    fees associated with the escrow account
                                    described in SECTION 23(b).

                           (g)      PAYMENT. All fees called for under this
                                    Section 10 shall be paid by the relevant
                                    party within 30 days of receipt of an
                                    invoice. All late payments shall bear
                                    interest at a rate equal to 1% per month
                                    until paid in full."

         (k)      SECTION 11 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 11 as follows:

                  "11.     FEE INVOICE SCHEDULE.

                           (a)      ANNUAL FEES. Upon the completion of the
                                    transfer to the Publisher of all Publisher
                                    customer records, content files and log data
                                    through December 31, 2000, consistent with
                                    the data transfer specifications set forth
                                    in SECTION 10(b), the Publisher shall remit
                                    to HealthGate $650,000 as payment of
                                    one-half (1/2) of the standard annual
                                    hosting fee for 2001 provided under SECTION
                                    10(a). HealthGate shall invoice the
                                    Publisher for payment of the


                                       4
<PAGE>

                                    remainder of annual fees provided for under
                                    SECTION 10(a) according to the following
                                    schedule:

                                    o        Subject to pro rata adjustment for
                                             additional amounts owed for journal
                                             titles in excess of the initial 313
                                             titles, HealthGate shall invoice
                                             the Publisher for $108,333.33 on
                                             July 1, 2001 and on the first day
                                             of each succeeding month in 2001
                                             for the remainder of the standard
                                             annual hosting fee for 2001
                                             provided under SECTION 10(a).

                           (b)      SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT. Software development
                                    fees will be invoiced on completion of the
                                    implementation of the functions or features
                                    to which they relate, subject to the written
                                    approval of the publisher that they perform
                                    according to the Publisher's original
                                    specification of requirements. Extension of
                                    the development time as a result of
                                    modifications by the Publisher to the
                                    original specification will not be grounds
                                    for delaying payment.

                           (c)      OTHER FEES. All other fees shall be invoiced
                                    on a monthly basis."

         (l)      The first two paragraphs of SECTION 12 (Milestones and
                  Deliverables) are deleted and replaced in their entirety as a
                  new SECTION 12(a) as follows:

                  "(a)     In the event that the Software fails to allow
                           Publisher to process the Content of any journal issue
                           within the processing objective time of 3 working
                           days, HealthGate, recognizing the loss caused to the
                           Publisher, will on demand pay to the Publisher an
                           amount of money equivalent to the sum of $2,000 per
                           issue, subject to a maximum of $50,000 per financial
                           quarter, for all issues processed in each financial
                           quarter.

                           Such sums of money will be paid by HealthGate to the
                           Publisher not as a penalty, but as and for the
                           ascertained and liquidated damages owing and payable
                           by HealthGate to the Publisher by reason of such
                           failure to meet the processing objectives."

         (m)      SECTION 12 is amended by adding new SECTIONS 12(b) AND (c) as
                  follows:

                  "(b)     DATA, CONTENT AND CODE TRANSFER. HealthGate shall
                           transfer all Publisher customer records, content
                           files and log data to the Publisher per the data and
                           content transfer schedule outlined in SECTION 12(c).
                           The customer records must be contained in a Microsoft
                           SQL 6.5 backup file and must be accompanied by both
                           data field definition and data dictionary documents.
                           The content files must in native file format and
                           should be delivered in the same naming and format
                           conventions used by the system. The log data is to be
                           delivered in format that can be recognized by common
                           log analysis

                                       5
<PAGE>

                           tools like Webtrends. The application code is to be
                           delivered to the code escrow house and verification
                           of receipt to be forwarded to the Publisher.

                           All data, files and log are to be delivered to the
                           Publisher no later then 10 business days after the
                           period end date defined in SECTION 12(c). The
                           Publisher agrees to review the data within 5 business
                           days and will promptly notify HealthGate of its
                           approval. If the customer records, content files or
                           log data is found to be incomplete or inaccurate the
                           Publisher will notify in writing to HealthGate within
                           5 business days the issues involved. HealthGate will
                           then have another 10 business days to comply.

                           All code to be deposited in the escrow must be
                           acknowledged to the Publisher within 10 business days
                           of the defined schedule.

                           (i)      Customer records are defined as all
                                    information relating to an individual
                                    registered user, institutional user or
                                    administrator. Data includes but is not
                                    limited to names, demographic and profile
                                    data that is captured or used by the system.

                           (ii)     Content files are defined as all information
                                    pertaining to journal content including but
                                    not limited to abstract, full text and meta
                                    data of each individual article. Also
                                    included is the relationship between
                                    articles and issues. All permutations must
                                    be transferred including but not limited to
                                    the original submitted SGML files, XML
                                    transition files and final corrected HTML
                                    files.

                           (iii)    Log data is defined as all data used to
                                    track usage and user activity. This data may
                                    include but in not limited to server log
                                    data, proprietary data stored by the
                                    software or data tracked by third party
                                    products like LDAP servers.

                           (iv)     Application code is defined as proprietary
                                    HealthGate software applications that are
                                    used during the running of the site.

                                    The parties agree to investigate other
                                    methods of transferring the data.

                  (c)      DATA AND CONTENT TRANSFER SCHEDULE. Publisher data
                           and content will be transferred by HealthGate to the
                           publisher based on the following schedule:

                           (i)      All transactions through March 31, 2001.

                           (ii)     All transactions through June 30, 2001


                                       6
<PAGE>

                           (iii)    All transactions through September 31, 2001

                           (iv)     All transactions through December 31, 2001

                           The above schedule is "inception to date" and all
                           records and data should be through 23:59 hour on the
                           date defined in the schedule. The customer data and
                           content files must be transferred in its entirety and
                           there must no incremental data transfers for these
                           data types. After the initial transfer of the log
                           data all subsequent log data transfers may be made in
                           an incremental basis."

         (n)      SECTION 14 is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a new
                  SECTION 14 as follows:

                  "14.     INITIAL TERM.

                           The Initial Term of this Agreement shall commence on
                           January 1, 2001 and, unless terminated earlier as set
                           forth herein, shall continue for a period of one year
                           after such date (the "Initial Term")."

         (o)      A new sentence is hereby added to the end of SECTION 15 as
                  follows:

                  "In the event such negotiations do not result in an agreement
                  prior to the end of the Initial Term, the fees in effect
                  immediately prior to the termination of the Initial Term shall
                  remain in effect for the next applicable term."

         (p)      The last unlettered paragraph of SECTION 16 is deleted,
                  SECTIONS 16(a) - (d) are relettered as SECTIONS 16(b) - (e),
                  all references to such Sections are amended to reflect
                  references to such relettered Sections, and a new SECTION
                  16(a) is added as follows:

                  "(a)     In the event of termination of this Agreement before
                           the end of Initial Term, HealthGate or its personal
                           representative as the case may be, shall immediately
                           deliver to the Publisher all correspondence, reports,
                           documents, specifications, papers, information (on
                           whatever media) and property including but not
                           limited to customer records, content files and log
                           data belonging to the Publisher which may be in his
                           possession or under his control together with all
                           confidential information or copyright works belonging
                           to the Publisher. HealthGate shall erase the Content
                           from its servers and otherwise discontinue any use of
                           the content within ten (10) working days of the date
                           of the termination."

         (q)      SECTION 20(d) (Millennium Compliance) is deleted in its
                  entirety.

         (r)      All references in the Journal Agreement to a Content
                  Maintenance Plan, a Software Maintenance Plan or an Activity
                  reporting plan are hereby deemed to be references to the Site
                  Service Plan.

                                       7

<PAGE>

         (s)      SECTION 23(b) is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a
                  new SECTION 23(B) as follows:

                  "(b)     SOFTWARE ESCROW. HealthGate agrees to place into
                           escrow, at a location to be mutually agreed upon by
                           the parties, all applicable source code used to
                           provide the services outlined in this Agreement. The
                           Publisher shall pay all fee associated with the
                           escrow account. The Publisher may not access the
                           escrow account except in the case of HealthGate's
                           bankruptcy or the event that HealthGate terminates
                           this Agreement before the end of Initial Term as
                           stated in SECTION 16(a). Notwithstanding the
                           foregoing, Publisher shall not have access to the
                           escrow account in the event HealthGate terminates the
                           Agreement for Publisher's breach of the Agreement."

         (t)      SECTION 23(J) is deleted and replaced in its entirety with a
                  new SECTION 23(J) as follows:

                  "(j)     VENUE. Any and all disputes between the parties
                           arising under or in connection with this Agreement
                           which cannot be resolved amicably by the parties or
                           through arbitration, as contemplated under SECTION
                           23(k), shall be resolved in the courts located in
                           London, England, except with respect to any action
                           brought by the Publisher against HealthGate, in which
                           case jurisdiction and venue shall be the Commonwealth
                           of Massachusetts, USA."

2. SEVERABILITY. Whenever possible, each provision of this Amendment shall be
interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law,
but if any provision of this Amendment is held to be prohibited by or invalid
under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of
such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this
Amendment.

3. LIMIT OF AMENDMENTS. Except as amended hereby, all other terms and provisions
of the Journal Agreement are and shall remain in full force and effect.

4. COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed simultaneously in two or more
counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one
party, but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the
same Amendment.

5. SECTION HEADINGS. The descriptive headings of this Amendment are inserted for
convenience only and do not constitute a Section of this Amendment.

6. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of England and Wales.


                  [REMAINDER OF PAGE LEFT INTENTIONALLY BLANK]



                                       8
<PAGE>


         Executed as of the date first set forth above, as a document under
seal, by the duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto.

HEALTHGATE DATA CORP.


By: ________________________

Name:

Title:


BLACKWELL PUBLISHING


By: ________________________

Name: ______________________

Title: _______________________


                                       9

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
