<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>p69179exv10w3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.3
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                               SEVENTH AMENDMENT

      This Seventh Amendment is entered and made as of this 24th day of
November, 2003 (the "Amendment") as an amendment to the Service Agreement dated
as of November 11, 1997, by and between US Airways, Inc. ("US Airways") and Mesa
Air Group, Inc. as amended ("MesaJet" or "Mesa") (the "Agreement").

                                   WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the Agreement; and

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the First Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of November, 24, 1999 (the "First Amendment"); and

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the Second Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of October 6, 2000 (the "Second Amendment"); and

      WHEREAS, Mesa has entered into a Consent Agreement dated as of October 6,
2000; and

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the Third Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of October 17, 2002 (the "Third Amendment"); and

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the Fourth Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of October 17, 2002 (the "Fourth Amendment"); and

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the Fifth Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of October 17, 2002 (the "Fifth Amendment"); and

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa have entered into the Sixth Amendment to the
Agreement dated as of August 14, 2002 (the "Sixth Amendment");

      WHEREAS, US Airways and Mesa desire to amend certain provisions of the
Agreement;

      NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which is

                                     Page 1

<PAGE>
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, US Airways and Mesa hereby
agree as follows:

      1.    Section 2.1(b) is hereby amended by deleting the number "*" in the
            first line and replacing it with the number "*".

      2.    Exhibit A-6 is hereby deleted in its entirety and is replaced with
            the attached Exhibit A-7.

      3.    Section 7.6 is hereby amended by adding the following at the end of
            Section 7.6(a):

            The above, notwithstanding the initial term for each of Aircraft *-*
      shall commence on the date that is * days prior to the date on which each
      such aircraft is delivered to US Airways. The initial term for each such
      aircraft shall expire * years from the date the last such aircraft is
      added to Mesa's fleet pursuant to Section 2.1(b) (as amended by this
      Seventh Amendment).

      4.    Section 5.2(p) is amended by adding the following sentence to the
      second paragraph of this Section:

            The Aircraft Ownership Cost per month for the Additional Aircraft
      *-* shall be *.

                                     Page 2

<PAGE>

      5.    Before Mesa enters into a definitive agreement on any CRJ-100
            aircraft to be operated under this Agreement, Mesa and US Airways
            will review any additional costs that may be associated with such
            aircraft, and will either reach mutual agreement to include such
            costs in the Pricing Model as appropriate or to decline introducing
            such aircraft into the Service under this Agreement. In the event
            the CRJ-100 is not introduced into the Service pursuant to this
            Paragraph, the references to Aircraft number "*" in Paragraph 1, 3
            and 4 above and Exhibit A-7 shall be deleted or changed to "*", as
            appropriate.

      6.    Except as reflected above, the Agreement remains unchanged in all
            other respects. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not
            otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the
            Agreement. Upon the later of: (i) its execution; or, (ii) approval
            by the US Airways Board of Directors, this Seventh Amendment,
            together with the Agreement, will be the complete and binding
            understanding of the Parties with respect to the terms and
            conditions of the Agreement, as amended by the terms set forth
            herein. As amended by this Amendment, the Agreement is hereby
            ratified and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance
            with its terms.

            IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed and delivered this
Amendment as of the date first written above.

MESA AIR GROUP, INC.                 US AIRWAYS, INC.

/S/ Jonathan Ornstein                /S/  N. Bruce Ashby
-------------------------------      -------------------------------
By:  Jonathan Ornstein               By: N. Bruce Ashby
Title:  Chief Executive Officer      Title: Sr. Vice President - Alliances
                                            & President - US Airways Express

                                     Page 3

<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT A-7

                                        *

                                     Page 4


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
