<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>22
<FILENAME>dex107.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 2  TO FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED OPERATING AGMNT DATED MARCH 2003
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

Exhibit 10.7

                        AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO FIRST AMENDED
                       AND RESTATED OPERATING AGREEMENT OF
                      BUFFINGTON HARBOR RIVERBOATS, L.L.C.

          This Amendment No. 2 to First Amended and Restated Operating Agreement
(the "Amendment") is entered into as of this ___ day of March, 2003 by and
between TRUMP INDIANA, INC., a Delaware corporation, having an office at 6012 W.
Industrial Highway, Gary, Indiana 46406 (hereinafter sometimes referred to as
"Trump"), and THE MAJESTIC STAR CASINO, LLC, an Indiana limited liability
company, having an office at One Buffington Harbor Drive, Gary, Indiana 46406
(hereinafter sometimes referred to as "Majestic"; Trump and Majestic are
hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Members" and individually as a
"Member").

                                   WITNESSETH

          WHEREAS, Trump and Majestic have formed Buffington Harbor Riverboats,
L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the "LLC"), pursuant to the terms
of an Operating Agreement dated as of September 27, 1995 (the "Operating
Agreement");

          WHEREAS, Trump and Majestic amended and restated the Operating
Agreement by a First Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated as of
October 31, 1995 (the "Restated Operating Agreement").

          WHEREAS, Trump and Majestic amended the Restated Operating Agreement
pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 to First Amended and Restated Operating
Agreement of Buffington Harbor Riverboats, L.L.C. dated April 23, 1996 (the
Restated Operating Agreement, as so amended, is hereinafter referred to as the
"Agreement"); and

          WHEREAS, the Members wish to further amend the Agreement in the
respects hereinafter set forth.

          NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions
hereafter contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as
follows:

          1.   Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Agreement.

          2.   Amendment to Section 8(a). Section 8(a) of the Agreement is
hereby deleted and replaced with the following new Section 8(a):

<PAGE>

               (a)  No interest of any Member in the LLC or otherwise under this
                    Agreement shall be sold, transferred, pledged, encumbered,
                    hypothecated or assigned, unless (i) such transaction
                    complies with any relevant provisions of Section 8(b), (ii)
                    any sale or other assignment of the interest subsumes the
                    Member's entire interest in the LLC (including all of the
                    Member's voting rights, powers of appointment, informational
                    rights, Percentage Interest and Capital Account), (iii), the
                    counterparty to the transaction (including, but not limited
                    to, a purchaser or transferee in lieu of or at foreclosure)
                    expressly acknowledges that it acquires its rights in the
                    interest subject to the terms of this Agreement (which shall
                    continue to govern) and such counterparty assumes in writing
                    any obligations of the selling Member from and after the
                    date of such assumption under this Agreement and the
                    Assignment and Assumption Agreement of even date, and
                    reasonable assurances are provided to the remaining Member
                    that all monetary obligations hereunder of the selling
                    Member prior to the date of such assumption have been or
                    will be satisfied, and (iv) such transaction would not
                    result in a breach or default under any agreement to which
                    the LLC is a party or give rise to the right to accelerate
                    the maturity of any LLC indebtedness or result in any fees
                    or penalties to the LLC (unless the transferee or assignor
                    indemnifies the LLC against such fees or penalties in a
                    manner reasonably satisfactory to the non-transferring
                    Member or pays such fees or penalties). Subclause (iii)
                    above shall not apply to a pledge, granting of a security
                    interest or collateral assignment for security purposes at
                    the time of such pledge or grant, but shall apply in the
                    event of a sale, transfer or foreclosure pursuant thereto.

          3.   Amendment to Section 8(b). Section 8(b) of the Agreement is
hereby deleted and replaced with the following new Section 8(b):

               (b)  A Member may not sell its interest in the LLC except to a
                    Person which simultaneously acquires or has acquired a
                    Certificate of Suitability or a Riverboat Owner's License
                    issued by the Commission for use at the LLC Property. A
                    Member may pledge, grant a security interest in or make a
                    collateral assignment of its entire interest in the LLC only
                    as security for a loan, a surety bond, an extension of
                    credit or a guaranty on behalf of, by or to the Member.

          4.   No Other Amendment. Except as amended and modified in the
respects specifically set forth above, the Agreement remains in full force and
effect.

                                       -2-

<PAGE>

               5.   Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken
together shall constitute one and the same agreement, it being understood that
all of the parties need not sign the same counterpart.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as
of the day and year first above written.

                                        "TRUMP"

                                        TRUMP INDIANA, INC.

                                        By:
                                           -------------------------------

                                        Its:

                                        "MAJESTIC"

                                        THE MAJESTIC STAR CASINO, LLC

                                        By: Barden Development, Inc.,
                                            Member

                                              By:
                                                 -------------------------------
                                                        Michael E. Kelly,
                                                          Vice President

                                       -3-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
