<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>treex101.txt
<DESCRIPTION>INTERCORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                        INTERCORPORATE SERVICES AGREEMENT

     This INTERCORPORATE  SERVICES AGREEMENT (the "Agreement"),  effective as of
January 1, 2001, amends and supersedes that (i) certain Intercorporate  Services
Agreement  effective  as of  January  1, 2000  between  CONTRAN  CORPORATION,  a
Delaware  corporation   ("Contran"),   and  TREMONT   CORPORATION,   a  Delaware
corporation.  ("Recipient") and (ii) certain  Intercorporate  Services Agreement
effective as of January 1, 2000 between VALHI, INC., a Delaware corporation, and
Recipient.

                                    Recitals

         A.       Employees  and agents of Contran and  affiliates  of Contran
perform management, financial and administrative functions for Recipient without
direct compensation from Recipient.

         B.       Recipient  does not  separately  maintain the full  internal
capability  to perform all  necessary  management, financial  and administrative
functions that Recipient requires.

         C.       The cost of maintaining the additional personnel by Recipient
necessary  to perform the functions provided for by this  Agreement would exceed
the  fee  set forth  in  Section 3 of  this  Agreement, and the  terms  of  this
Agreement  are no less favorable to  Recipient  than could otherwise be obtained
from a third party for comparable services.

         D. Recipient desires to continue  receiving  the  management, financial
and  administrative  services  presently  provided  by Contran and affiliates of
Contran  and  Contran  is willing to continue to provide such services under the
terms of this Agreement.

                                    Agreement

     For  and in  consideration  of the  mutual  premises,  representations  and
covenants herein contained, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows:

     Section 1.  Services to be Provided.  Contran  agrees to make  available to
Recipient,  upon request, the following services (the "Services") to be rendered
by the internal staff of Contran and affiliates of Contran:

                  (a)      Consultation and assistance in the  development  and
implementation  of  Recipient's  corporate  business  strategies,  plans  and
objectives;

                  (b)      Consultation  and  assistance  in  management  and
conduct  of  corporate  affairs  and  corporate  governance  consistent with the
charter and bylaws of Recipient;

                  (c) Consultation and assistance in maintenance of financial
records and controls, including  preparation and  review of  periodic  financial
statements and reports to be filed with public and regulatory entities and those
required to be prepared for financial institutions or pursuant to indentures and
credit agreements;

<PAGE>

                  (d)      Consultation and assistance in cash management and in
arranging  financing  necessary to implement the business plans of Recipient;

                  (e)      Consultation  and  assistance in  tax  management and
administration,  including,  without limitation,  preparation  and filing of tax
returns, tax reporting, examinations by government authorities and tax planning;

                  (f)      Certain administration  and management  services with
respect to Recipient's  insurance and risk management needs, including:

                           (i)      management of claims (including insured and
                                    self-insured  workers  compensation and
                                    liability claims);

                           (ii)     budgeting and related activities;

                           (iii)    administration of Recipient's captive
                                    insurance company;

                           (iv)     coordination of property loss control
                                    program; and

                           (v)      administration  of  Recipient's  insurance
                                    program,   excluding  all  employee benefit
                                    and welfare related programs;

                  (g)      Certain  administration  and  management  services
with  respect  to  Recipient's  real properties and interests; and

                  (h)      Such other services as may be requested by Recipient
from time to time.

     This Agreement  does not apply to, and the Services  provided for herein do
not include, any services that Harold C. Simmons,  Glenn R. Simmons or Steven L.
Watson may provide to Recipient in their roles members of  Recipient's  board of
directors or any other activity related to such board of directors.

     Section 2. Miscellaneous  Services.  It is the intent of the parties hereto
that Contran provide only the Services requested by Recipient in connection with
routine  functions  related to the ongoing  operations of Recipient and not with
respect to special projects,  including corporate investments,  acquisitions and
divestitures.  The parties  hereto  contemplate  that the  Services  rendered in
connection with the conduct of Recipient's  business will be on a scale compared
to that existing on the effective date of this Agreement,  adjusted for internal
corporate  growth or contraction,  but not for major  corporate  acquisitions or
divestitures,  and  that  adjustments  may be  required  to the  terms  of  this
Agreement in the event of such major  corporate  acquisitions,  divestitures  or
special  projects.  Recipient will continue to bear all other costs required for
outside  services  including,  but not  limited  to,  the  outside  services  of
attorneys, auditors, trustees, consultants,  transfer agents and registrars, and
it is expressly understood that Contran assumes no liability for any expenses or
services  other than those  stated in Section 1. In  addition to the fee paid to
Contran by  Recipient  for the  Services  provided  pursuant to this  Agreement,
Recipient  will pay to Contran  the amount of  out-of-pocket  costs  incurred by
Contran in rendering such Services.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>
     Section 3. Fee for Services.  Recipient  agrees to pay to Contran  $331,500
quarterly, commencing as of January 1, 2001, pursuant to this Agreement.

     Section 4. Original  Term.  Subject to the  provisions of Section 5 hereof,
the original  term of this  Agreement  shall be from January 1, 2001 to December
31, 2001.

     Section  5.   Extensions.   This   Agreement   shall  be   extended   on  a
quarter-to-quarter  basis  after the  expiration  of its  original  term  unless
written  notification  is given by  Contran  or  Recipient  thirty  (30) days in
advance of the first day of each  successive  quarter or unless it is superseded
by a subsequent written agreement of the parties hereto.

     Section 6.  Limitation of Liability.  In providing its Services  hereunder,
Contran  shall  have a duty  to act,  and to  cause  its  agents  to  act,  in a
reasonably  prudent  manner,  but  neither  Contran nor any  officer,  director,
employee or agent of Contran or its affiliates  shall be liable to Recipient for
any error of judgment or mistake of law or for any loss incurred by Recipient in
connection  with the  matter  to which  this  Agreement  relates,  except a loss
resulting from willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of
Contran.

     Section  7.  Indemnification  of  Contran  by  Recipient.  Recipient  shall
indemnify  and hold  harmless  Contran,  its  affiliates  and  their  respective
officers,  directors  and  employees  from  and  against  any  and  all  losses,
liabilities,  claims, damages, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and
other  expenses of  litigation)  to which  Contran or any such person may become
subject  arising  out of the  Services  provided  by  Contran  to the  Recipient
hereunder, provided that such indemnity shall not protect any person against any
liability to which such person  would  otherwise be subject by reason of willful
misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of such person.

     Section 8.  Further  Assurances.  Each of the parties  will make,  execute,
acknowledge and deliver such other instruments and documents,  and take all such
other actions,  as the other party may reasonably  request and as may reasonably
be required in order to effectuate  the purposes of this  Agreement and to carry
out the terms hereof.

     Section 9. Notices.  All  communications  hereunder shall be in writing and
shall be addressed,  if intended for Contran,  to Three Lincoln Centre, 5430 LBJ
Freeway, Suite 1700, Dallas, Texas 75240,  Attention:  President,  or such other
address as it shall have furnished to Recipient in writing,  and if intended for
Recipient,  to 1999 Broadway,  Suite 4300,  Denver,  Colorado 80202,  Attention:
President,  or such  other  address  as it shall  have  furnished  to Contran in
writing.

     Section 10. Amendment and Modification. Neither this Agreement nor any term
hereof may be changed, waived,  discharged or terminated other than by agreement
in writing signed by the parties hereto.

     Section 11. Successor and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of Contran and  Recipient and their  respective  successors
and  assigns,  except  that  neither  party may  assign  its  rights  under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>
     Section  12.  Governing  Law.  This  Agreement  shall be  governed  by, and
construed and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the state of Texas.

     IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have caused this  Agreement to be
duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.


CONTRAN CORPORATION                    TREMONT CORPORATION




By: /s/ Steven L. Watson_______     By: /s/ J. Landis Martin__________________
    ---------------------------         --------------------------------------
    Steven L. Watson, President         J. Landis Martin, Chairman of the Board,
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
