<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.50
<SEQUENCE>8
<FILENAME>c61163ex10-50.txt
<DESCRIPTION>4TH AMENDMENT TO THE MASTER AFFILIATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.50


NOTE: INFORMATION IN THIS DOCUMENT MARKED WITH AN "[*]" HAS BEEN OMITTED AND
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION. CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT HAS BEEN REQUESTED
WITH RESPECT TO THE OMITTED PORTIONS.


                FOURTH AMENDMENT TO MASTER AFFILIATION AGREEMENT

This Fourth Amendment (the "Fourth Amendment ") to the Master Affiliation
Agreement dated as of December 22, 1998, as amended in the First Amendment dated
March 8 1999, the Second Amendment dated June 28, 1999 and the Third Amendment
dated July 24, 2000 (the "Master Agreement"), by and between Wink
Communications, Inc., a California corporation ("Wink"), whose address is 1001
Marina Village Parkway, Alameda, California 94501 and DIRECTV, Inc., a
California corporation, whose address is 2230 East Imperial Highway, El Segundo,
California 90245 ("DIRECTV") is made as of this 11th day of September, 2000.

NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of
which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby amend the Master Agreement as
follows:

          A.   Section 3.12 of the Master Agreement is hereby amended and
               restated in its entirety as follows:

               "Customer service for the Wink Service shall be undertaken in
               accordance with the provisions of Exhibit R, throughout the
               period of time indicated in such Exhibit R."

          B.   The attached Exhibit R is hereby added as part of the Master
               Agreement:

               "Exhibit R            Wink Customer Care Provisions"

In, the event of any inconsistency between the Fourth Amendment and the Master
Agreement or any other agreement between the parties, the Fourth Amendment shall
be deemed controlling. In all other respects, the Master Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Fourth Amendment to be executed
by their duly authorized officers and representatives as of the day and year
first written above.

WINK COMMUNICATIONS, INC.                    DIRECTV, INC.


By:  /s/ Allan Thygesen                      By: /s/ Bradley Beale
   --------------------------                   ---------------------------

Name:  Allan Thygesen                        Name:  Bradley Beale
     ------------------------                     -------------------------

Title: EVP                                   Title: SVP
      -----------------------                      ------------------------


<PAGE>   2
                                   EXHIBIT R

                        Wink Customer Service Provisions

This document, effective as of September 11, 2000 (the "Start Date"), sets forth
the parties' respective rights and obligations, throughout the term set forth
below with respect to the provision of customer care to Wink-enabled DIRECTV
System Subscribers.

1.   Authorization

     1.1  DIRECTV reserves the right to authorize third parties including, but
          not limited to, the NRTC and telecommunications companies, to perform
          or cause to be performed, some or all of the customer service related
          to the Wink-enabled DIRECTV System.

     1.2  DIRECTV will provide to Wink via FTP or a similar data transfer
          mechanism, a daily file of customer information for newly activated
          Wink-enabled DIRECTV System Subscribers, as well as updated
          information for modified Wink-enabled DIRECTV System Subscriber
          accounts including such information as access card number and customer
          identification, including customer name, address, phone number and
          account number.

     1.3  DIRECTV will follow its standard practices and policies for
          disconnection of Wink enabled DIRECTV System Subscribers.

2.   Customer Service

     2.1  DIRECTV will use its existing vendor call processing facilities (and,
          if applicable, call processing facilities of third parties providing
          customer service to answer Wink Programming questions for Wink-enabled
          DIRECTV System Subscribers. Responses to these calls will be
          front-ended by an interactive voice response (IVR) system and handled
          by one or more "Agent Specialty Groups" within the call processing
          facilities who are trained to handle calls related to the Wink
          Programming. Calls for the Wink Programming shall be handled in a
          scripted or bullet-point driven approach.

     2.2  The Agent Specialty Group hours of operation will mirror DIRECTV's
          then-current call center hours of operation; provided that, if such
          Group's hours of operations are different from DIRECTV's, such Group's
          hours of operation shall be deemed sufficient hereunder. DIRECTV call
          center hours of operation as of the Start Date are twenty-four (24)
          hours per day, seven days per week.

     2.3  Agents may handle calls relating to DIRECTV Systems and/or
          Wink-enabled DIRECTV Systems; provided that the Agent Specialty Group
          shall transition to handling only Wink-enabled DIRECTV System
          Subscriber calls, at the discretion of DIRECTV and Wink. Staffing
          shall be increased to meet demand at the discretion of DIRECTV.

     2.4  DIRECTV will manage the day to day Agent Specialty Group operations.

     2.5  Wink shall provide support for the Agent Specialty Group to assist
          with unresolved customer issues arising out of the Wink Programming.


<PAGE>   3
     2.6  Agent Specialty Group training materials relating to the Wink-enabled
          DIRECTV System will be jointly developed by DIRECTV, Wink and the
          applicable DIRECTV vendor(s). The applicable DIRECTV vendor(s) will
          undertake initial and on-going Agent Specialty Group training.

     2.7  Notwithstanding the foregoing, DIRECTV reserves the right to authorize
          third parties to perform or cause to be performed, some or all the
          customer service operations for the Wink-enabled DIRECTV System,
          provided such third parties regularly undertake customer service
          operations for certain DIRECTV Service customers.

     2.8  Initially, a multi-queued Agent group will be used to handle Wink
          related calls.

     2.9  Each Wink affiliated merchant will support customer call referrals
          from the Specialty Group Agent.

3.   Wink Subscriber Maintenance System

     3.1  Wink will be responsible for maintaining the Wink Subscriber
          Maintenance System.

     3.2  The Wink Subscriber Maintenance System will be deployed by Wink at the
          DIRECTV vendor call site or at such additional sites designated by
          DIRECTV when third parties perform some or all of the customer service
          related to the Wink-enabled DIRECTV System.

     3.3  Wink will provide DIRECTV and the DIRECTV vendor with the Wink
          Subscriber Maintenance System Specifications.

     3.4  Wink will customize and modify the Wink Subscriber Maintenance System
          as requested by DIRECTV, to accommodate the DIRECTV/Wink interactive
          business.

     3.5  Wink will provide DIRECTV with a twenty-four hours per day, seven days
          per week contact to support the Wink Subscriber Maintenance System.

4.   IVR System

     4.1  DIRECTV may modify its existing IVR programs to accommodate call
          handling related to the Wink-enabled DIRECTV System.

     4.2  Customers choosing to be assisted with their Wink-enabled DIRECTV
          System may be routed to IVR messaging specifically developed for Wink.


5.   DIRECTV Online Reference and Information System

     5.1  DIRECTV will modify its existing customer service agent scripted help
          system (DIRECTV Online Reference and Information System, "DORIS") to
          accommodate call handling procedures specifically related to the
          Wink-enabled DIRECTV System. The DORIS agent help information created
          to support calls related to the Wink enabled DIRECTV System will be
          jointly developed by DIRECTV and Wink. Updates to DORIS, including
          updates to reflect such jointly developed information, will be
          implemented by DIRECTV.


<PAGE>   4
6.   Telemarketing System

     6.1  DIRECTV will modify its existing telemarketing system that provides
          call scripting, call typing and call disposition information (the
          "Telemarketing Systems") to accommodate call handling procedures
          specifically related to the Wink-enabled DIRECTV System.

     6.2  The Telemarketing System will be used for call type/disposition
          tracking and particular scripting. The Telemarketing System will be
          maintained by DIRECTV.

     6.3  Telemarketing System scripting for the Wink-enabled DIRECTV System and
          Wink Programming will be jointly developed by Wink and DIRECTV.

     6.4  On-going modifications to the Telemarketing System will be implemented
          by DIRECTV.

7.   Agent Specialty Group

     7.1  DIRECTV will apply, or will cause to be applied, its then-current
          customer service quality assurance processes for DIRECTV to the
          activities undertaken by the Agent Specialty Group. In the case of
          authorized third party providers, DIRECTV will use best commercial
          efforts to cause such third party providers to apply customer service
          quality assurance processes at least equivalent to DIRECTV's
          then-current processes.

     7.2  DIRECTV will apply, or will cause to be applied, its then-current
          customer service performance standards for DIRECTV Services to the
          activities of the Agent Specialty Group. DIRECTV will provide Wink
          with a current version of such performance standards, as amended from
          time to time. In the case of authorized third party providers DIRECTV
          will use best commercial efforts to cause such third party providers
          to apply customer service performance standards at least equivalent to
          DIRECTV's then-current standards.

     7.3  DIRECTV, Wink and the DIRECTV vendor(s) will jointly develop and
          implement site acceptance testing.

     7.4  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall DIRECTV be liable to
          Wink for any failure by the Agent Specialty Group (or authorized third
          party provider, as applicable) to meet any performance standard,
          whether equivalent to the performance standards specified above or
          otherwise, provided that DIRECTV has attempted in good faith to apply
          or cause to be applied its existing quality assurance processes and
          performance standards to the Agent Specialty Group, or, in the case of
          an authorized third party provider, provided DIRECTV has made best
          commercial efforts to cause such third party provider to apply such
          processes and standards.

8.   Reporting

     8.1  Daily and monthly Agent Specialty Group reporting will be provided to
          Wink. Reporting will include:

          -  Service Level
          -  Daily Call Volume
          -  Agent Call Handle Time

<PAGE>   5
          -  Average Call Hold Time
          -  Longest Call Waiting
          -  Occupancy
          -  Staffing and Attendance

     8.2  The timing and format of report delivery will mirror standard DIRECTV
          reporting processes. The reports will be delivered to Wink via file
          transfer or other suitable data transfer mechanism.

9.   Fees

     9.1  In consideration for delivery of the services described in this
          document, Wink shall pay to DIRECTV, the following fees:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              FUNCTION                                        COSTS
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>
Agent Specialty Group Start-Up
-  Project Management
-  IVR Development and Implementation
-  Development of Training Materials        [*] - to be billed upon the earlier of (i)
-  Initial Training                         completion of initial download to all TCE 4.6
-  System Programming and Deployment        DIRECTV System Receivers in the Territory
                                            and (ii) October 15, 2000

   Agent Per Hour                           [*] per minute
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Interactive Voice Response ("IVR")       [*] per minute
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


     9.2  DIRECTV will bill Wink on an IVR use per minute and agent per minute
          call handle time rate. If a third party performs customer service
          under the terms of this Exhibit R, Wink shall pay directly to DIRECTV
          the fees set forth in this Section 9 for such service.

     9.3  Effective January 1, 200 1, and each year thereafter for the term
          applicable to this Exhibit R, the then current agent per minute rate
          shall be increased by a percentage equal to the percentage increase in
          the hourly inbound rate paid by DIRECTV to its customer service
          vendor(s), which reflects an adjustment for inflation.

     9.4  DIRECTV shall invoice Wink for services provided under this document
          on a monthly basis. Payment from Wink shall be due within thirty (30)
          days of receipt of each such invoice.

10.  Other

     10.1 Except as expressly provided, all terms and provisions of the Master
          Agreement shall apply to this document, which is incorporated and made
          part of the Master Agreement.

[*] Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately with
the Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the
omitted portions.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
