<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>exhibit10_1.txt
<DESCRIPTION>RICHARD NEWTON CONTRACT
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.1

                                 SYNOPSYS, INC.
                          CONSULTING SERVICES AGREEMENT

     This Amended and Restated  Consulting  Services Agreement (the "Agreement")
is  entered  into  and  effective  as of the  1st  day of  November,  2001  (the
"Effective  Date")  by  and  between  Synopsys,  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation
("Synopsys"), and A. Richard Newton ("Consultant").

     In consideration of the mutual promises hereinafter contained,  the parties
agree as follows:

        1.    STATEMENT OF WORK

        1.1   Synopsys  agrees  to retain  Consultant  to  perform  the work as
              specified in Exhibit A,  Statement of Work (the "Work"),  for the
              period specified herein.  Consultant shall submit to Synopsys, in
              written or other tangible form,  any  deliverables  or results of
              Consultant's work under this Agreement (the "Results").

        1.2   At least once a month,  Consultant will report to Synopsys on the
              status of the work.  On reasonable  notice,  Synopsys may inspect
              Consultant's work in progress and receive copies of it.

        2.    ACCEPTANCE OF DELIVERABLES

              Synopsys will inform  Consultant in writing  within a
              reasonable  period of time of receiving a deliverable  whether
              it accepts or rejects  that  deliverable.  Synopsys may reject
              any  deliverable  which does not comply with the  Statement of
              Work and/or with  Synopsys'  standards.  If Synopsys  fails to
              notify Consultant within the specified time,  Synopsys will be
              deemed to have accepted the  deliverable.  If Synopsys rejects
              it,  Synopsys may either  terminate  the contract  pursuant to
              Section  7.4, or it may allow  Consultant  an  opportunity  to
              revise the deliverable to render it acceptable to Synopsys.

        3.    COMPENSATION

        3.1   Compensation  for all Work specified herein shall be as specified
              in Exhibit B.

        3.2   Synopsys  agrees to  compensate  Consultant  for all  reasonable,
              non-local travel  expenses,  which may be incurred at the request
              and with the prior  written  approval  of  Synopsys.  Lodging and
              subsistence  expenses will be  reimbursed at actual costs,  which
              should  reflect  what  the  going  rates  are for the  particular
              location  being  visited.  Rental car expenses for a compact size
              car will be reimbursed at actual cost.  Materials and the cost of
              subcontracts shall not be chargeable to this Agreement.



                                       1
<PAGE>

        3.3   The  Compensation  specified  in  Exhibit B and the  foregoing
              costs and  expenses are  Consultant's  sole  compensation  for
              performing Work for Synopsys.

        3.3   Consultant   shall  provide   Synopsys  with  periodic   invoices
              detailing compensation,  fees, and expense reimbursements,  which
              Consultant  believes  are due under  this  Agreement.  Consultant
              shall itemize and provide  receipts for all expenses  invoiced to
              Synopsys.

        4.    CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

        4.1   Definition Of Confidential  Information.  Both parties agree that
              information  disclosed by one party to the other,  including  but
              not limited to information  learned from the  disclosing  party's
              employees, agents or through inspection of the disclosing party's
              property,  that  relates  to  the  disclosing  party's  products,
              designs,   business  plans,  business  opportunities,   finances,
              research,   development,   know-how,  personnel,  or  third-party
              confidential  information  disclosed to the receiving  party from
              the  disclosing  party,  and the  terms  and  conditions  of this
              Agreement,  will be considered  and referred to  collectively  in
              this  Agreement  as  "Confidential   Information."   Confidential
              Information,  however,  does not include  information that: 1) is
              now or  subsequently  becomes  generally  available to the public
              through no fault or breach on the part of receiving party; 2) the
              receiving  party can  demonstrate  to have had  rightfully in its
              possession  prior to disclosure by the  disclosing  party;  3) is
              independently developed by the receiving party without the use of
              any   Confidential   Information;   or  4)  the  receiving  party
              rightfully  obtains  from a third  party  who has  the  right  to
              transfer or disclose it.

        4.2   Nondisclosure  And  Nonuse  Of  Confidential   Information.   The
              receiving  party agrees that it will not  disclose,  publish,  or
              disseminate  Confidential  Information to anyone other than those
              of its  employees  with a  demonstrated  need  to  know,  and the
              receiving  party  agrees to take all  reasonable  precautions  to
              prevent  any  unauthorized  use,  disclosure,   publication,   or
              dissemination  of Confidential  Information.  Recipient agrees to
              use Confidential Information solely for the purposes contemplated
              by this  Agreement  and not  otherwise  for its own or any  third
              party's  benefit  without  the  prior  written   approval  of  an
              authorized   representative  of  the  disclosing  party  in  each
              instance.  All Confidential  Information  remains the property of
              the disclosing party



                                       2
<PAGE>


        4.3   Synopsys will not solicit or accept confidential information from
              Consultant that belongs to any current or former employers.

        5.    ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS AND INTEREST

        5.1   Consultant  will promptly  disclose in writing to Synopsys all
              inventions,   improvements,   designs,   formulas,   works  of
              authorship,  trade secrets, technology,  algorithms,  computer
              programs,  ideas,  processes,  techniques,  know-how and data,
              whether or not patentable,  that are made, conceived, or first
              reduced to practice  by  Consultant,  either  alone or jointly
              with   others,   in  the   course  of   performing   the  Work
              ("Inventions"). Consultant will not disclose Inventions to any
              party outside Synopsys absent Synopsys' prior written consent.

        5.2   Consultant agrees that all Inventions (including those related
              to any Confidential Information) and all Intellectual Property
              Rights  embodied  therein,  shall  be  the  sole  property  of
              Synopsys.  Consultant  agrees to assign and hereby  assigns to
              Synopsys all right,  title and  interest in and to  Inventions
              and  related   Intellectual   Property   Rights  in  any  such
              Inventions.

        5.3   Consultant  agrees to  perform,  during  and after the term of
              this  Agreement,  all acts deemed  necessary  or  desirable by
              Synopsys  to permit and assist it in  obtaining,  maintaining,
              defending,  and enforcing  Intellectual  Property  Rights with
              respect to such Inventions in any and all countries. Such acts
              may  include,  but are not limited to,  execution of documents
              and assistance or cooperation in legal proceedings.

        5.4   Any assignment of copyright  hereunder  includes all rights of
              paternity,  integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other
              rights that may be known as or  referred to as "moral  rights"
              (collectively "Moral Rights"). To the extent such Moral Rights
              cannot be assigned under  applicable  law,  Consultant  hereby
              forever  waives and  agrees  never to assert any and all Moral
              Rights it may have in the Results,  even after  termination of
              the  Services.  Consultant  will confirm any such waivers from
              time to time as requested by Synopsys.

        5.5   Consultant will complete  Exhibit C, listing all  intellectual
              property  existing as of the Effective  Date of this Agreement
              and to which Consultant claims ownership.  If Exhibit C is not
              completed,   Consultant  is  representing  that  there  is  no
              existing Consultant  intellectual property as of the Effective
              Date of this Agreement.

        5.6   Synopsys  acknowledges  that from time to time  Consultant may
              have  Intellectual  Property Rights which Consultant wishes to
              incorporate into the Results or which may be necessary for the
              utilization by Synopsys of such Results ("Consultant's Related
              Rights").  Unless  otherwise  agreed  in  advance,  Consultant
              hereby grants Synopsys,  its  subsidiaries  and affiliates,  a
              royalty-free,  irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive, perpetual
              license to make, have made,  sell, use,  disclose,  reproduce,
              modify, prepare Derivative Works from, distribute, perform and
              display  Consultant's  Related  Rights,  with  full  rights to
              authorize  others to do the same.  Consultant  will indemnify,
              hold harmless and, at Synopsys' request,  defend Synopsys, its
              subsidiaries  and  affiliates,  from and  against  all claims,
              liabilities,  damages, losses and expenses including,  but not
              limited  to  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  costs of suit,
              arising out of or in  connection  with all claims that the use
              or  disclosure of  Consultant's  Related  Rights  violates any
              third party's rights.


                                       3
<PAGE>


        6.    INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR STATUS

              The  relationship  of Synopsys and  Consultant  established by
              this Agreement is that of independent contractors, and nothing
              contained  in  this  Agreement  shall  be  construed  to  give
              Synopsys  the  power  to  direct  or  control  the  day-to-day
              activities of  Consultant.  Consultant has no authority to act
              on  behalf  of  or to  enter  into  any  contract,  incur  any
              liability  or make any  representation  on behalf of Synopsys.
              Consultant is solely responsible for all taxes,  withholdings,
              and other  similar  statutory  obligations  arising out of the
              performance  of services  under this  Agreement and Consultant
              agrees to defend,  indemnify and hold  Synopsys  harmless from
              any and all claims made by any entity on account of an alleged
              failure by Consultant  to satisfy any such tax or  withholding
              obligations.

        7.    TERM AND TERMINATION

        7.1   The initial term of this Agreement shall expire on October 31,
              2002.  Thereafter,   this  Agreement  shall  be  automatically
              renewed for  successive  one-year  terms unless this Agreement
              shall be earlier  terminated  pursuant to Sections 7.2, 7.3 or
              7.4.

        7.2   If any deliverable is rejected by Synopsys or is not delivered
              by its due date,  then  Synopsys may  terminate  this contract
              immediately  by giving  written  notice to Consultant and will
              not owe any  amount  for  deliverables  which  have  not  been
              accepted.

        7.3   Synopsys may  terminate  this  Agreement at any time,  for any
              reason,  with or without cause, by giving  Consultant  written
              notice  of   termination.   Termination   will  be   effective
              immediately upon receipt of notice. If Synopsys terminates for
              convenience,   it  will  pay   Consultant   for  all  accepted
              milestones  and a  prorated  amount  for  partially  completed
              deliverables.  Consultant will submit invoices to Synopsys for
              payment of all  outstanding  amounts and Synopsys will pay all
              undisputed  amounts  within thirty (30) days of receipt of the
              invoices.


                                       4
<PAGE>


        7.4   Either party has the right to terminate  this Agreement if the
              other  party  breaches  or is in  default  of  any  obligation
              hereunder,  which default is incapable of cure or which, being
              capable of cure, has not been cured with fifteen (15) business
              days after  receipt of written  notice from the  nondefaulting
              party,   or  within  such   additional   cure  period  as  the
              nondefaulting party may authorize.

        7.5   Consultant agrees that all obligations under Sections 3, 4, 5,
              9, 10 and 13 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

        8.    INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS

        8.1   Consultant  shall comply with all federal,  state,  county and
              municipal  laws,   ordinances,   and   regulations,   if  any,
              applicable  to  the  Work  to be  done  hereunder.  Consultant
              further  certifies that all Work performed  hereunder shall be
              in compliance with applicable health and safety requirements.

        8.2   Consultant agrees to carry such adequate health, auto, workers
              compensation,  and  liability  insurance  as  is  required  to
              protect  against  related  liability  which  may  arise in the
              performance  of the services  hereunder,  if the same would be
              common practice in Consultant's trade or business.

        9.    INDEMNITY

        9.1   Consultant  agrees,  at its own expense,  to defend or, at its
              option,  to  settle,  any  claim  or  action  brought  against
              Synopsys  for  breach  of any  warranty  in  Section  10,  and
              Consultant will indemnify and hold Synopsys  harmless from and
              against  any  damages,  costs  and  fees  reasonably  incurred
              (including  reasonable  attorneys' fees) that are attributable
              to such claim or action. Synopsys agrees to provide Consultant
              with: (i) prompt written  notification of the claim or action;
              (ii)  control and  authority  over the  defense or  settlement
              thereof  except  that  Synopsys  may  participate  at its  own
              expense;  and (iii) all reasonable  available  information and
              assistance,  as well as the  authority to settle and/or defend
              any such claim or  actionprovided  that  Synopsys must approve
              any  settlement  in  writing,   which  approval  will  not  be
              unreasonably withheld.

        9.2   If the Results become, or are likely to become, the subject of
              an infringement claim or action, Consultant will: (i) procure,
              at no cost to  Synopsys  , the  right to  continue  using  the
              Results;  (ii)  replace or modify the  Results to render  them
              non-infringing,   provided   there  is  no  material  loss  of
              functionality;   or  (iii)  if,  in  Consultant's   reasonable
              opinion, neither (i) nor (ii) above are commercially feasible,
              refund the amounts Synopsys paid for the Work.


                                       5
<PAGE>


        9.3   Consultant  agrees  to  indemnify,  hold  harmless  and,  upon
              Synopsys'   request,   defend   Synopsys  and  its  directors,
              officers,  employees  and agents  from and  against  all loss,
              liability,  damages, claims and expenses, including reasonable
              attorneys' fees,  arising out of claims or suits for damage or
              injury to persons or property in connection  with, in whole or
              in  part,  (i)  any  negligent  act,   omission,   or  willful
              misconduct of Consultant in the  performance of this Agreement
              and (ii) Consultant's failure to comply with federal, state or
              local law.

        10.   WARRANTY

        10.1  Consultant  shall  perform the Work with due  diligence and in
              full   compliance  with  the  terms  and  conditions  of  this
              Agreement  and  the  highest  professional  standards  of  one
              skilled in Consultant's industry.

        10.2  With  respect  to  all  subject   matter,   including   ideas,
              inventions,  creations, works, processes, designs and methods,
              that Consultant will disclose or use in its performance of the
              Work or the  granting  of any  rights  under  this  Agreement,
              Consultant  warrants  that  it has  the  right  to  make  such
              disclosure,   use  and  grant  without  liability  to  others.
              Consultant  further warrants that: (i) the Results are or will
              be original with Consultant;  (ii) the Results do not and will
              not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of others; (iii)
              Consultant has not  previously  granted and will not grant any
              rights in the Results to any third party that are inconsistent
              with the  rights  granted  to  Synopsys  herein;  (iv) each of
              Consultant's employees, consultants,  contractors, partners or
              agents who has been or will be involved in the  performance of
              the Work  will  have  signed  an  agreement   with   Consultant
              conveying all proprietary  rights in the Results to Consultant
              and  agreeing  to  maintain in  confidence  all trade  secrets
              embodied in the Results;  and (v) Consultant has full power to
              enter into this Agreement,  to carry out its obligations under
              this Agreement and to grant the rights granted to Synopsys.

        10.3  Consultant   shall  comply  with  all   applicable   laws  and
              Synopsys'  safety rules in the course of performing  the Work.
              If  Consultant's  work  requires  a  license,  Consultant  has
              obtained  that  license  and the  license is in full force and
              effect.

        11.   ACCESS TO SYNOPSYS PROPERTY

              Permission to enter Synopsys-controlled  premises shall at all
              times be  subject  to  Synopsys'  discretion  and  control  in
              accordance  with its  rules.  Consultant  will be  subject  to
              security controls prescribed by Synopsys.


                                       6
<PAGE>


        12.   KEY PERSONNEL

              Synopsys  has  determined  that the  individuals  whose  names
              appear below are necessary for the  successful  performance of
              the Work.  Consultant  agrees to assign  such  individuals  to
              perform the Work and shall not  reassign or remove any of them
              without the prior written  consent of Synopsys.  Whenever said
              key personnel are unavailable to perform the Work,  Consultant
              shall,  with  the  approval  of  Synopsys,  replace  such  key
              personnel with  individuals of  substantially  equal abilities
              and  qualifications.  If  comparable  talent  is  unavailable,
              Synopsys  may  terminate  this  Agreement  as provided  for in
              Section 7, Termination.  During the term of this Agreement and
              for one (1) year thereafter,  Consultant will not encourage or
              solicit  any  employee  or  consultant  of  Synopsys  to leave
              Synopsys for any reason.

              Key Personnel:

              A. Richard Newton


        13.   GENERAL PROVISIONS

        13.1  CHOICE  OF  LAW.  This  Agreement  will  be  governed  by  and
              construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and
              the State of California as applied to agreements  entered into
              and  to  be  performed   entirely  within  California  between
              California residents.

        13.2  ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement may not be assigned by Consultant
              without the prior written consent of Synopsys.


        13.3  NOTICES.  Any  notices  required  or  permitted  to  be  given
              pursuant  to this  Agreement  shall  be in  writing,  sent via
              certified mail,  return receipt  requested,  express overnight
              courier,  or by  facsimile  to  the  address  of  Synopsys  or
              Consultant as set forth below, or to such other address as may
              be specified  from time to time in writing.  Such notice shall
              be deemed to have been received on the earlier of (i) the date
              when  actually  received,  or (ii) if by  facsimile,  when the
              sending  party shall have  received a  facsimile  confirmation
              that the message has been  received by the  receiving  party's
              facsimile machine.


                                       7
<PAGE>


              IF TO SYNOPSYS:
                    Synopsys, Inc.
                    700 E. Middlefield Road
                    Mountain View, CA 94043-4033
                    Attn.: General Counsel
                    Telephone Number: (650) 584-4880
                    Facsimile Number: (650) 584-1184

              IF   TO  CONSULTANT:
                    A. Richard  Newton at such address as Consultant shall have
                    provided Synopsys in writing


        13.4  NO WAIVER. Failure by either  party to enforce any  provision of
              this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement
              of that or any other provision.

        13.5  SEVERABILITY. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction
              finds any provision of this Agreement,  or portion thereof, to be
              unenforceable,  that  provision of the Agreement will be enforced
              to the maximum  extent  permissible so as to effect the intent of
              the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in
              full force and effect.

        13.6  ATTORNEYS'  FEES. The  prevailing  party in any action to enforce
              this Agreement shall be entitled to recover  reasonable costs and
              expenses  including,  without limitation,  reasonable  attorneys'
              fees.

        13.7  INJUNCTIVE  RELIEF. The parties  agree that a material  breach of
              this  Agreement  adversely   affecting   Synopsys' Confidential
              Information would cause irreparable  injury to Synopsys for which
              monetary damages would not be an adequate  remedy and Synopsys
              shall be entitled to equitable relief in addition to any remedies
              it may have hereunder or at law.

        13.8  FORCE MAJEURE. Nonperformance of either party shall be excused to
              the extent that  performance  is rendered  impossible  by strike,
              fire, flood, governmental action, failure of suppliers,
              earthquake,  or any other  reason  where  failure  to  perform is
              beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing party up to a
              maximum of ninety days.


                                       8
<PAGE>


        13.9  ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, including  all  Exhibits
              constitute the entire agreement  between the parties with respect
              to the subject matter hereof,  and supersede all prior agreements
              or  representations,  oral or  written,  regarding  such  subject
              matter. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a
              writing  signed  by a  duly  authorized  representative  of  both
              parties.

        13.10 COMMENCEMENT OF SERVICES.  Services shall not commence until this
              agreement is  incorporated  into a Purchase  Order that  provides
              funding  for the  agreement  and serves as the  authorization  to
              commence work.


CONSULTANT                                  SYNOPSYS, INC.

By (Signature):/S/ A. RICHARD NEWTON        By (Signature):/S/ AART J. DE GEUS
               --------------------------                  --------------------

Printed Name: A. RICHARD NEWTON             Printed Name:   AART J. DE GEUS
              ---------------------------                  --------------------

Title:        ---------------------------   Title: Chairman and Chief Executive
                                                   Officer

IF INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY IS NOT INVOLVED BOTH PARTIES WILL INITIAL IN THE SPACE
PROVIDED  BELOW AND SECTION 5,  ASSIGNMENT OF RIGHTS AND INTEREST AND EXHIBIT C,
LIST OF INVENTIONS WILL NOT APPLY.

CONSULTANT _____________                    SYNOPSYS _____________





                                       9
<PAGE>






                                    EXHIBIT A

                                STATEMENT OF WORK

Consultant  shall  render  such  services  as are  necessary  to  complete  in a
professional   manner  the  project   described   as  follows  (you  may  attach
Consultant's  proposal and  incorporate it by reference,  e.g. "see letter dated
mo/day/yr from Consultant"):



Provide  on-going  consulting  services to Synopsys for  strategic  planning and
technology direction.





























                                       10
<PAGE>


                                    EXHIBIT B

                                  COMPENSATION

During the term of this Agreement, Consultant shall be paid a fee of $15,000 per
month.



























                                       11
<PAGE>





                                    EXHIBIT C

                               LIST OF INVENTIONS



---------     No inventions or improvements


---------     See below



















---------     Additional sheets attached




--------------------------------
Consultant                 Date





                                       12
<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
