<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-99.6
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>dex996.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 24 TO COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 99.6
                                                                    ------------
                           SPECIAL AWARD CONDITIONS
                                 NCR-92-18742
                       Amendment Number Twenty-Four (24)


1.  Section I.A.4, of Amendment 19, Definitions, is amended as follows:
                                    -----------

4)  "NSI" refers to Network Solutions, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
VeriSign, Inc., and its successors and assigns.  From the date of execution of
this amendment, the Cooperative Agreement will refer to "VeriSign" as the non-
government party to this agreement.

2.  Section I.A.9, of Amendment 19, Definitions, is amended as follows:
                                    -----------

9)  "Registry Agreement" means either the .org Registry Agreement, the .net
Registry Agreement, or the .com Registry Agreement (collectively, the "Registry
Agreements"), attached hereto as Exhibits 1, 2 and 3, respectively, as they may
be amended from time to time.

3.  Section I.B.2.A, of Amendment 19, VeriSign Relationship with ICANN, is
                                      --------------------------------
amended as follows:

     A. VeriSign shall enter into the Registry Agreements and the Registrar
     Accreditation Agreement. VeriSign's obligations under the Cooperative
     Agreement with respect to Registry Services and Registrar Services shall be
     satisfied by compliance with the Registry Agreements and the Registrar
     Accreditation Agreement, respectively, for so long as those Agreements
     (including any renewals of those agreements) are in effect (as determined
     by the dispute resolution procedures and termination provisions of those
     Agreements). VeriSign's obligations under the Cooperative Agreement with
     respect to Other Services (and Registry Services following the expiration
     or termination by VeriSign) shall be satisfied by compliance with the
     Cooperative Agreement as amended.

4.  Section I.B.2.B, of Amendment 19, VeriSign Relationship with ICANN, is
                                      --------------------------------
amended as follows:

     B. If any Registry Agreement is terminated by ICANN for cause, the
     Department of Commerce shall be entitled under Section I.B.8 below to
     terminate VeriSign's obligation for the affected Registry TLD to provide
     Registry Services under the Cooperative Agreement.

5.  Section I.B.2.D, of Amendment 19, VeriSign Relationship with ICANN, is
                                      --------------------------------
amended as follows:

     D. If the Registry Agreements and the Registrar Accreditation Agreement are
     all terminated by ICANN for cause, VeriSign's obligations to provide
     Registry Services, Registrar Services, and Other Services under the
     Cooperative Agreement shall terminate upon 90 days notice by either party
     of its intention to terminate such services.
<PAGE>

6.  Section I.B.4.A, of Amendment 19, Other Obligations of the Parties, is
                                      --------------------------------
amended as follows:

       A. The Department of Commerce will assure that the authoritative root
       will point to the TLD zone servers designated by VeriSign for each of the
       Registry TLDs (Registry TLD zone server). The Department of Commerce will
       withdraw such assurance for a particular Registry TLD at the earlier of
       the termination of this Cooperative Agreement by the Department of
       Commerce or at such time as ICANN terminates for cause the Registry
       Agreement corresponding to such Registry TLD.

7.  Section I.B.4.B, of Amendment 19, Other Obligations of the Parties, is
                                      --------------------------------
amended as follows:

       B. The Department of Commerce acknowledges and agrees that VeriSign is
       and will remain the registry for the Registry TLD(s) until the earlier of
       the termination of this Cooperative Agreement by the Department of
       Commerce or termination for cause of the Registry Agreement(s) by ICANN.

8.  Section I.B.7, of Amendment 19, Specific Performance, is amended as follows:
                                    --------------------

During the Term of the Cooperative Agreement, the Department of Commerce may
seek specific performance of any provision of the Cooperative Agreement,
provided the Department is not in material breach of its obligations hereunder.
This provision shall not entitle the Department of Commerce to seek specific
performance of any Registry Agreement. This provision shall not entitle the
Department of Commerce to seek specific performance of the Registrar
Accreditation Agreement unless and until and for so long as such agreement has
been assigned to the Department of Commerce by ICANN.

9.  Section I.B.8.A, of Amendment 19, Termination, is amended as follows:
                                      -----------

       A. In the event ICANN designates a successor registry or terminates the
       .org Registry Agreement, the .net Registry Agreement or the .com Registry
       Agreement, the Department agrees that upon the conclusion of the transfer
       when a successor registry is established and operational and VeriSign
       notifies the Department of the completion of the transfer, the Department
       will relieve, release and discharge VeriSign from any responsibility for
       Registry Services for the affected Registry TLD currently performed under
       the Cooperative Agreement that have been transferred to the successor
       registry.

       The final release will be effected by VeriSign sending a letter to the
       Department stating that:

          Awardee, VeriSign, Inc. hereby represents and certifies to the
          Department of Commerce, that in accordance with the requirements
          contained in Amendment 19, as amended, to the Cooperative Agreement
          NCR-9218742, all requirements relating to its performance as the
          Registry have been completed.

          We therefore request that, as provided by Amendment 19, as amended, to
          the Cooperative Agreement NCR-9218742, the Department of Commerce sign
          and return a copy of  this letter and, in the block indicated below,
          acknowledge that we have completed the agreed upon items and are fully
          and finally relieved, released, and discharged from any responsibility
          for the Registry for [insert affected
<PAGE>

          Registry TLD] previously performed by Awardee under Cooperative
          Agreement NCR-9218742 which are now the subject of a contract between
          ICANN and [the successor registry].

10.  Section I.B.8.C, of Amendment 19, Termination, is amended as follows:
                                       -----------

       C. If the Registrar Accreditation Agreement and all Registry Agreements
       are terminated by ICANN for cause, the Department will relieve, release
       and discharge VeriSign from any responsibility for continuing to provide
       Other Services that are required under the Cooperative Agreement.

       The final release will be effected by VeriSign sending a letter to the
       Department stating that:

          Awardee, VeriSign, Inc. hereby represents and certifies to the
          Department of Commerce, that in accordance with the requirements
          contained in Amendment 19, as amended, to the Cooperative Agreement
          NCR-9218742, all requirements relating to its performance of Other
          Services have been completed.

          We therefore request that, as provided by Amendment 19, as amended, to
          the Cooperative Agreement NCR-9218742, the Department of Commerce sign
          and return a copy of this letter and, in the block indicated below,
          acknowledge that we have completed the agreed upon items and are fully
          and finally relieved, released, and discharged from any responsibility
          for the provision of Other Services previously performed by Awardee
          under Cooperative Agreement NCR-9218742.

11.  Section I.B.8.D, of Amendment 19, Termination, is amended as follows:
                                       -----------

       D. In the event that a final judgment is rendered specifically enforcing
       any provision of the Cooperative Agreement, the Department of Commerce
       may, by giving written notice, demand that VeriSign comply with such
       judgment. In the event that VeriSign fails to comply with such judgment
       within ninety days after the giving of notice, the Department of Commerce
       may terminate the Cooperative Agreement immediately by giving VeriSign
       written notice of termination and the Department of Commerce may initiate
       either a competitive action or other transaction pursuant to Section II.9
       below or request ICANN to initiate procedures for designating a successor
       registry in compliance with the provisions of the affected Registry
       Agreement(s).

12.  Section I.B.9, of Amendment 19, Compliance with Section II of this
                                     ----------------------------------
Amendment, is amended as follows:
----------

While the Registry Agreements remain in effect, VeriSign shall not be obligated
to comply with the provisions of Section II of this amendment. Upon termination
(i) by VeriSign of a particular Registry Agreement, or (ii) due to the
withdrawal of the Department's recognition of ICANN, VeriSign shall no longer be
required to comply with such Registry Agreement and VeriSign's obligations under
Section II of this amendment shall take immediate effect with

                                       3
<PAGE>

respect to the affected Registry TLD without further action by the Department of
Commerce or VeriSign. Upon such termination, VeriSign agrees to provide prompt
written approval to ICANN for the assignment of any data escrow agreement
between ICANN and VeriSign related to such Registry Agreement.

13.  Section I.B.10, of Amendment 19, Expiration Date, is amended as follows:
                                      ----------------

The Expiration Date of the Cooperative Agreement shall be November 10, 2007.

14.  Section II.1 of Amendment 19, VeriSign Obligations, is amended as follows:
                                   ---------------------

          A. VeriSign agrees that it will operate the registries for the
          Registry TLDs in accordance with the Cooperative Agreement;

          B. VeriSign agrees to comply with Department of Commerce policies and
          directives regarding material aspects of VeriSign's provision of
          Registry Services as distinct from the detailed or day to day
          administration of the registries for the Registry TLDs.

          C. VeriSign acknowledges and agrees that upon the earlier of the
          expiration or termination of the Cooperative Agreement pursuant to
          Section I.B.8 of this amendment, it will cease to be the registry for
          the particular Registry TLD(s) affected by the expiration or
          termination, unless prior to the end of the Term of the Cooperative
          Agreement VeriSign is chosen as a successor registry in accordance
          with the provisions of the Cooperative Agreement. VeriSign shall
          cooperate in the transfer of responsibility for operation of the
          affected registry or registries to a successor registry. Such
          cooperation shall include the timely transfer to the successor
          registry of an electronic copy of the registry database and of a full
          specification of the format of the data.

15.  Section II.2 of Amendment 19, Data Escrow, is amended as follows:
                                   ------------

VeriSign shall deposit into escrow all Registry Data on a schedule (not more
frequently than weekly for a complete set of Registry Data, and daily for
incremental updates) and in an electronic format mutually approved from time to
time by VeriSign and the Department of Commerce, such approval not to be
unreasonably withheld by either party. The escrow shall be maintained, at
VeriSign's expense, by a reputable escrow agent mutually approved by VeriSign
and the Department of Commerce, such approval also not to be unreasonably
withheld by either party. The escrow shall be held under an agreement among
VeriSign, the Department of Commerce, and the escrow agent providing that (A)
the data shall be received and held in escrow, with no use other than
verification that the deposited data is complete and in proper format, until
released to the Department of Commerce; (B) the data shall be released to the
Department of Commerce upon termination by the Department of Commerce of the
Cooperative Agreement or upon its expiration if (1) the Cooperative Agreement
has not sooner been terminated and (2) VeriSign has not been designated as a
successor registry as the result of a competitive action or other transaction in
accordance with applicable federal law and regulations.

16.  Section II.3 of Amendment 19, VeriSign Handling of Personal Data, is
                                   -----------------------------------
amended as follows:

                                       4
<PAGE>

VeriSign agrees to notify registrars sponsoring registrations in the registries
of the purposes for which Personal data submitted to the registries by
registrars is collected, the recipients (or categories of recipients) of such
Personal Data, and the mechanism for access to and correction of such Personal
Data. VeriSign shall take reasonable steps to protect Personal Data from loss,
misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction. VeriSign shall not
use or authorize the use of Personal Data in a way that is incompatible with the
notice provided to registrars.

17.  Section II.4 of Amendment 19, Publication by VeriSign of Registry Data, is
                                   -----------------------------------------
amended as follows:

          A. VeriSign shall provide an interactive web page and a port 43 Whois
          service providing free public query-based access to up-to-date (i.e.
          updated at least daily) registry database data for the Registry TLDs
          which, in response to input of an SLD name, shall report at least the
          following data elements in response to queries: (a) the SLD name
          registered, (b) the TLD in which the SLD is registered; (c) the IP
          addresses and corresponding names of the primary nameserver and
          secondary nameserver(s) for such SLD, (d) the identity of the
          sponsoring Registrar, and (e) the date of the most recent modification
          to the domain name record in the registry database; provided, however,
          that if the Department of Commerce adds to or subtracts from these
          elements, VeriSign will implement that policy. VeriSign shall not
          discontinue its participation in advanced, centralized or universal
          Whois services in operation or development at the time of the
          expiration or termination of the Registry Agreement(s).

          B. To ensure operational stability of the registries, VeriSign may
          temporarily limit access under subsection (A), in which case VeriSign
          shall immediately notify the Department of Commerce in writing or
          electronically of the nature of and reason for the limitation.
          VeriSign shall not continue the limitation longer than three business
          days if the Department of Commerce objects in writing or
          electronically, which objection shall not be unreasonably made. Such
          temporary limitations shall be applied in a nonarbitrary manner and
          shall apply fairly to any registrar similarly situated, including
          VeriSign.

          C. VeriSign as operator for the registries shall comply with
          Departmental direction providing for development and operation of a
          capability that provides distributed free public query-based (web and
          command-line) access to current registration data implemented by
          Accredited Registrars providing for capabilities comparable to WHOIS,
          including (if called for by Departmental direction) registry database
          lookup capabilities according to a specified format. If such a service
          implemented by Accredited Registrars on a distributed basis does not
          within a reasonable time provide reasonably robust, reliable and
          convenient access to accurate and up-to-date registration data,
          VeriSign as operator for the registries shall cooperate and, if
          reasonably determined to be necessary by the Department of Commerce
          (considering such possibilities as remedial actions by specific
          registrars), provide data from the registries' databases to facilitate
          the development of a centralized service providing equivalent
          functionality in a manner established by Departmental direction.
          VeriSign shall also continue any development and deployment of a
          universal Whois service that allows public access and effective

                                       5
<PAGE>

          use of Whois across all registries and all top level domains at the
          direction of the Department.

18.  Section II.5 of Amendment 19, Performance and Functional Specification for
                                   --------------------------------------------
Registry Services, is amended as follows:
-----------------

Unless and until otherwise directed by the Department of Commerce, VeriSign
shall provide Registry Services to Accredited Registrars meeting the performance
and functional specifications set forth in the SRS specification then in place
under the Registry Agreements. In the event the Department directs different
performance and functional standards for a registry, VeriSign shall comply with
those standards to the extent practicable, provided that compensation pursuant
to the provisions of II.7 of this amendment has been resolved prior to
implementation and provided further that VeriSign is given a reasonable time for
implementation.

VeriSign shall take all reasonable steps to ensure the continued operation,
functionality, and accessibility of the Shared Registration System. In the event
of operational instability or for the purpose of system maintenance, VeriSign
may temporarily limit Accredited Registrars' access to the Shared Registration
System on an equitable basis, in which case VeriSign shall immediately notify
the Department of Commerce and all affected Accredited Registrars in writing or
electronically of the nature of and reason for the limitation and the expected
date and time of service restoration. VeriSign shall take all reasonable steps
to notify all Accredited Registrars at least 24 hours in advance of any
anticipated (non emergency) Shared Registration System service interruption, the
reason for the service interruption, and the expected date and time of service
restoration.

19.  Section II.6 of Amendment 19, Bulk Access to Zone Files, is amended as
                                   -------------------------
follows:

VeriSign shall provide third parties bulk access to the zone files for the
Registry TLDs on the terms set forth in the zone file access agreement then in
effect under the Registry Agreement corresponding to the affected Registry TLD.
VeriSign may not change the access agreement without the prior written approval
of the Department of Commerce.

20.  Section II.7 of Amendment 19, Price for Registry Services, is amended as
                                   ---------------------------
follows:

The price to licensed registrars for entering initial and renewal SLD
registrations into the registry and for transferring a SLD registration from one
accredited registrar to another will be as set forth in the Registry Agreements
for the Registry TLDs at the time of its expiration or termination. These prices
shall be increased to reflect demonstrated increases in costs of operating the
registry arising from (1) changes or additions to the work provided under the
Cooperative Agreement directed by the Department of Commerce or (2) legislation
specifically applicable to the Registry Services.

21.  Section II.9 of Amendment 19, Designation of Successor Registry, is amended
                                   ---------------------------------
as follows:

VeriSign agrees that upon (a) one year prior to the expiration or (b) VeriSign's
receipt of notice of termination of the Cooperative Agreement pursuant to
Section I.B.8 of this amendment, the

                                       6
<PAGE>

Department of Commerce may initiate a competitive action or other transaction in
accordance with applicable federal law and regulations to designate a successor
registry or successor registries.

Not later than 30 days after VeriSign's receipt of a notice of termination,
VeriSign shall submit to the Department of Commerce, for the Department's
immediate use in designating the successor registry for a particular Registry
TLD, an electronic copy of all software (excluding the SRS software) and data
related to its provision of Registry Services for the Registry TLD generated
under the Cooperative Agreement through the date of the notice of termination.
Not later than 60 days after VeriSign's receipt of a notice of termination,
VeriSign shall submit to the Department of Commerce, for its immediate use in
designating such successor registry, all existing documentation for such
software (excluding the SRS software) and data related to VeriSign's provision
of such Registry Services generated under the Cooperative Agreement through the
date of the notice of termination.

If, after the expiration or termination pursuant to Section I.B.8 of this
amendment, VeriSign or its assignee is not designated as a successor registry
for a particular Registry TLD pursuant to the competitive action or transaction,
VeriSign shall cooperate with the Department of Commerce and with the successor
registry in order to facilitate the smooth transition of operation of the
registry to the successor registry. Such cooperation shall include timely
transfer to the successor registry of an electronic copy of the registry
database and of a full specification of the format of the data. Thereafter
VeriSign shall be relieved of further obligations under the Cooperative
Agreement.

22.  Section II.10 of Amendment 19, Rights in Data, is amended as follows:
                                    --------------

Except as permitted by the Registrar License and Agreement, VeriSign shall not
be entitled to claim any intellectual property rights in data or any database or
portion thereof in the registries supplied by or through registrars other than
VeriSign. In the event that Registry Data is released from escrow under Section
II.2 or transferred to a successor registry under Sections I.B.8 or II.9, any
rights held by VeriSign as operator of such registry in said Registry Data shall
automatically be licensed on a non-exclusive, transferable, irrevocable,
royalty-free, paid-up basis to the recipient of the data.

23.  Section III.2 of Amendment 19, Other Provisions, is amended as follows:
                                    ----------------

2. Articles 9, 10 and 14 of the Cooperative Agreement Special Conditions, as
amended, are hereby suspended as of the date of this amendment and VeriSign
shall have no obligations under such provisions for so long as the Registry
Agreements remain in effect. Upon termination of the Registry Agreements, the
withdrawal of the Department's recognition of ICANN under Section 26 of the .com
Registry Agreement, or with the approval of the Department of Commerce under
Section 18(b) of the .com Registry Agreement, such provisions shall return to
effect immediately without further action by the Department of Commerce or
VeriSign.

24.  Section III.5 of Amendment 19, Other Provisions, is amended as follows:
                                    ----------------

Article 12 of the Cooperative Agreement Special Conditions, as amended, is
hereby amended to

                                       7
<PAGE>

read:

          The following individuals shall serve as points of contact at
          VeriSign:

          Philip Sbarbaro
          Chuck Gomes

25.  The Department of Commerce hereby approves the .org Registry Agreement, the
 .net Registry Agreement, and the .com Registry Agreement, attached hereto as
Exhibits 1, 2, and 3 respectively.  This approval is not intended to confer
federal antitrust immunity on VeriSign with respect to the Registry Agreements.
Upon signature of both parties, provide copies of the Registry Agreements to
both the Grants Officer and the Federal Programs Officer.

26.  Except as modified by this Amendment, the terms and conditions of this
Cooperative Agreement, as previously amended, remain unchanged.

                                       8
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
