<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>38
<FILENAME>g93674exv10w4.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.4



              AMENDED AND RESTATED PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT

      This AMENDED AND RESTATED PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is
made and entered into as of the 9th day of September, 2004, by and between
T-NETIX, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("T-NETIX"), Evercom Systems, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("ESI", and together with T-NETIX, each a "Company" and
together the "Companies"), and H.I.G. Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company ("HIG"). This Agreement amends and restates in its entirety that certain
Professional Services Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2004, by and between
T-NETIX and HIG.

                                   WITNESSETH

      WHEREAS, the Companies wish to retain and compensate HIG as an adviser in
connection with a possible Transaction or several Transactions (as defined
below) involving either or both the Companies and/or their parent companies
and/or their subsidiaries, including any other entities hereafter formed or
acquired by either Company or any such parent or subsidiary to engage in any
business (collectively, the "Company Group"); and

      WHEREAS, HIG wishes to represent the Company Group in connection with such
Transaction(s).

      NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of their mutual promises and intending to
be legally bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:

      1. Scope of Engagement. HIG will perform such advisory services for the
Company Group in connection with any proposed Transaction as are customary and
appropriate in transactions of such type and as reasonably requested by either
Company. Such services may include identifying and investigating potential
Transactions, performing valuation, strategic and financial analyses as may be
required to evaluate various transaction options and assisting the Companies in
negotiating the financial aspects of the Transaction or Transactions. As used
herein "Transaction" means:

            (a) whether in one or a series of transactions, the sale, transfer
or other disposition, directly or indirectly, of all or substantially all of the
assets or at least a majority of the securities of either Company or any member
of the Company Group, whether by way of a merger or consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization or restructuring, tender or exchange offer,
negotiated purchase, leveraged buyout or otherwise;

            (b) whether in one or a series of transactions outside the ordinary
course of business of the Companies, the purchase or acquisition by either
Company or any other member of the Company Group, directly or indirectly, of (i)
all or substantially all of the assets of any person or entity, (ii) assets of
any person or entity comprising a business unit or product line, or (iii) a
majority of the outstanding securities of any person or entity, whether by way
of a merger
<PAGE>

or consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization or restructuring, tender or
exchange offer, negotiated purchase, leveraged buyout or otherwise; or

            (c) any debt or equity financing by any member of the Company Group.

      2. Fees and Expenses.

            (a) For HIG's services hereunder, the Companies will pay, on a joint
and several basis, to HIG a fee equal to 2% of the Transaction Value (as defined
below) of each Transaction occurring during the term hereof, payable in cash
promptly upon consummation of such Transaction (each, a "Transaction Fee"). It
is agreed that HIG shall be paid a Transaction Fee of $2,614,939.02 on the date
hereof with respect to the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement
and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 10, 2004, by and among TZ Holdings, Inc.
(the "Parent"), New Mustang Acquisition, Inc., Evercom Holdings, Inc. and the
Indemnification Representative.

            (b) As used herein, "Transaction Value" means an amount equal to:

                  (i) with respect to a Transaction described in Section 1(a)
      above, the total cash and non-cash consideration paid to any member of the
      Company Group or any shareholder thereof including, without limitation,
      the amount of all indebtedness for borrowed money of any member of the
      Company Group party to or the subject of the Transaction, which is
      assumed, acquired, retired, extinguished or defeased by the purchaser or
      acquiror, or with respect to any entity acquired by the purchaser or
      acquiror, which otherwise remains outstanding;

                  (ii) with respect to a Transaction described in Section 1(b)
      above, the total cash and non-cash consideration paid by either Company or
      any other member of the Company Group, including without limitation, the
      amount of all indebtedness for borrowed money of any party to the
      Transaction (other than a member of the Company Group) which is assumed,
      acquired, retired, extinguished or defeased by any member of the Company
      Group, or with respect to any acquired entity, which otherwise remains
      outstanding; or

                  (iii) with respect to a Transaction described in Section 1(c)
      above, the gross amount of funds raised by the Company Group pursuant to
      such debt or equity financing.

            (c) The value of any non-cash consideration included in Transaction
Value shall be determined as follows:

                  (i) The value of stock and other securities that are Freely
      Tradeable shall be the average closing market price of such stock or
      securities for the five consecutive business days preceding the public
      announcement of the definitive agreement

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

      to enter into a Transaction. For purposes of the foregoing, a security
      shall be "Freely Tradeable" if such security is listed on the New York
      Stock Exchange, American Stock Exchange, Nasdaq National Market, the
      Nasdaq Small Cap Market or on another U.S. stock exchange, quotation
      service or foreign stock exchange of comparable depth and liquidity.

                  (ii) The value of stock and other securities that are not
      Freely Tradeable and the value of all other non-cash consideration, other
      than consideration of the nature described in Section 2(c)(iii) below,
      shall be the fair market value thereof at the time of closing of the
      Transaction as determined by HIG in good faith.

                  (iii) The value of deferred installments and contingent
      payments shall be estimated for the purposes of fee calculation at an
      expected present value mutually agreeable to the Companies and HIG at the
      time of closing of the Transaction.

            (d) In addition to the Transaction Fees payable to HIG, we
understand that other professional service firms may also receive an advisory
fee or fees pursuant to a letter agreement between those firms and either
Company. In no event will the Transaction Fee or Fees payable to HIG hereunder
be reduced or offset against any amounts paid or payable to (i) HIG under any
consulting or other agreements between HIG and either Company or (ii) other
professional services firms or any other party.

      3. Reimbursement of Expenses; Independent Contractor. All obligations or
expenses incurred by HIG in the performance of its duties under this Agreement
shall be for the account of, on behalf of, and at the expense of the Companies,
on a joint and several basis. HIG shall not be obligated to make any advance to
or for the account of either Company or any other member of the Company Group or
to pay any sums, except out of funds held in accounts maintained by either
Company nor shall HIG be obligated to incur any liability or obligation for the
account of either Company or any other member of the Company Group without
assurance that the necessary funds for the discharge of such liability or
obligation will be provided. HIG shall be an independent contractor, and nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed (i) to create a
partnership or joint venture between either Company or any other member of the
Company Group and HIG, or (ii) to cause HIG to be responsible in any way for the
debts, liabilities or obligations of the Company Group or any other party, or
(iii) to constitute HIG or any of its employees as employees, officers or agents
of any member of the Company Group.

      4. Other Activities; Investment Opportunities. Each Company acknowledges
and agrees that neither HIG nor any of HIG's employees, officers, directors,
affiliates or associates shall be required to devote full time and business
efforts to the duties of HIG specified in this Agreement, but instead shall
devote only so much of such time and efforts as HIG reasonably deems necessary.
Each Company further acknowledges and agrees that HIG and its affiliates are
engaged in the business of investing in, acquiring and/or managing businesses
for HIG's own account, for the account of HIG's affiliates and associates and
for the account of other unaffiliated parties, and understands that HIG plans to
continue to be engaged in such businesses

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

(and other business or investment activities) during the term of this Agreement.
No aspect or element of such activities shall be deemed to be engaged in for the
benefit of the Company Group or any member thereof nor to constitute a conflict
of interest. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, HIG
shall be required to bring only such investments and/or business opportunities
to the attention of either Company as HIG, in its sole discretion, deems
appropriate.

      5. Termination of Engagement. HIG's engagement will continue until the
earlier of September 9, 2009 and the Parent's initial public offering, unless
extended by mutual written consent or earlier terminated as provided below;
provided, however, that no such expiration or termination will affect the
matters set forth in this Section or in Sections 2, 3, 6, 8 through 14 and 16.
It is expressly agreed that following the expiration or termination of this
agreement, HIG will continue to be entitled to receive Transaction Fees as
described above that have accrued prior to such expiration or termination but
are unpaid. It is also expressly agreed that, if a Transaction is consummated
within 9 months after the date of expiration or termination of this agreement or
if a definitive agreement that results in a Transaction is entered into during
the term of this agreement or within such period, HIG shall be entitled to its
full Transaction Fees as described above.

      6. Indemnification. The Companies will jointly and severally indemnify and
hold harmless HIG and its present and future officers, directors, affiliates,
employees and agents ("Indemnified Parties") to the fullest extent permitted by
law (as if the Indemnified Persons were officers or directors of the Companies),
including for acts of Indemnified Parties constituting negligence, against any
and all losses, claims, damages or liabilities (including reasonable attorneys'
fees) (together, "Losses") in connection with HIG's engagement or any other
matter referred to in this Agreement, except to the extent that any Losses
result from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of HIG in performing its
obligations hereunder. Each Company further agrees, jointly and severally, to
reimburse the Indemnified Parties on a monthly basis for any cost of defending
any action or investigation (including attorneys' fees and expenses), subject to
an undertaking from such Indemnified Party to repay the Companies if it is
determined that such party is not entitled to such indemnity. These indemnity
obligations shall be in addition to any liability which either Company may
otherwise have and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any
successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Companies, HIG or
any of the other Indemnified Parties.

      7. Assignment. Without the consent of HIG, the Companies shall not assign,
transfer or convey any of their rights, duties or interest under this Agreement,
nor shall they delegate any of the obligations or duties required to be kept or
performed by them hereunder. HIG shall not assign, transfer or convey any of its
rights, duties or interests under this Agreement, nor shall it delegate any of
the obligations or duties required to be kept or performed by it under this
Agreement, except that HIG may transfer its rights and obligations hereunder to
one of its affiliates.

      8. Notices. All notices, requests, consents and other communications
hereunder

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, with first-class postage
fees prepaid, or if hand delivered against receipt or if sent via facsimile
transmission upon electronic confirmation of receipt thereof during normal
business hours, to the applicable party at the address indicated below:

             If to T-NETIX:              2155 Chenault Drive, Suite 410
                                         Carrollton, Texas 75006
                                         Attention: Board of Directors
                                         Facsimile: (972) 241-1537

             If to ESI:                  Evercom Systems, Inc.
                                         8201 Tristar Drive
                                         Irving, Texas 75063
                                         Attention: Board of Directors
                                         Facsimile: (972) 988-3774

             If to the Consultant:       H.I.G. Capital, LLC
                                         1001 Brickell Bay Drive, 27th Floor
                                         Miami, Florida 33131
                                         Attention: Mr. Brian Schwartz
                                         Facsimile: (305) 379-2013

or, to each party, to such other address as shall be designated by such party in
a written notice to the other party pursuant to the provisions of this Section
8. All such notices, requests, demands and other communications shall be
effective when sent.

      9. Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement or the
application thereof to any person or circumstance shall, to any extent, be
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of
such term or provision to persons or circumstances other than those as to which
it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each
term or provision of this Agreement shall be valid and be enforced to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

      10. No Waiver. The failure by any party to exercise any right, remedy or
elections herein contained or permitted by law shall not constitute or be
construed as a waiver or relinquishment for the future exercise of such right,
remedy or election, but the same shall continue and remain in full force and
effect. All rights and remedies that any party may have at law, in equity or
otherwise upon breach of any term or condition of this Agreement, shall be
distinct, separate and cumulative rights and remedies and no one of them,
whether exercised or not, shall be deemed to be in exclusion of any other right
or remedy.

      11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between
the parties hereto with respect to the matters herein contained and any
agreement hereafter made shall be ineffective to effect any change or
modification, in whole or in part, unless such

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

agreement is in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of the
change or modification is sought.

      12. Governing Laws. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to the laws
of any other state.

      13. Waiver of Jury Trial. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN
ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER
IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR
CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

      14. Jurisdiction; Service of Process. Any proceeding arising out of or
relating to this Agreement may be brought in the courts of the State of New
York, County of Manhattan, or, if it has or can acquire jurisdiction, in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and each of
the parties irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of each such court
in any such proceeding, waives any objection it may now or hereafter have to
venue or to convenience of forum, agrees that all claims in respect of the
proceeding shall be heard and determined only in any such court and agrees not
to bring any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any
other court. The parties agree that any or all of them may file a copy of this
paragraph with any court as written evidence of the knowing, voluntary and
bargained agreement between the parties irrevocably to waive any objections to
venue or to convenience of forum. Process in any proceeding referred to in the
first sentence of this section may be served on any party anywhere in the world.

      15. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute one
agreement.

      16. Restrictions Relating to Fees Due Hereunder. Notwithstanding any
provision herein to the contrary, no Transaction Fee nor any other payment under
this Agreement shall be made or permitted or required to be made (but shall
accrue) if the making of such payment is prohibited under the terms of that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2004 (as amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"),
by and among the Parent, as borrower, each subsidiary of the Parent listed as a
Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the financial institutions from time
to time party thereto (collectively, the "Lenders"), ING Capital LLC, as the
Issuing Lender, and ING Capital, LLC, as the administrative agent (the
"Administrative Agent"), and the Consultant shall promptly turn over any such
payment received in violation of the Credit Agreement to the Company (or, if an
"Event of Default" (as defined in the Credit Agreement) has occurred and is
continuing, directly to the Administrative Agent prior to repayment in full of
the "Obligations" (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and termination of all
commitments to lend under the Credit Agreement). Furthermore, without the
express written consent of the Administrative Agent, HIG shall not be entitled
to any payments under Section 2 of this Agreement if the transaction giving rise
to such payment occurs in connection with an exercise of remedies

                                      -6-

<PAGE>

pursuant to the Credit Agreement. Until repayment in full of all Obligations and
termination of all commitments to lend under the Credit Agreement, this Section
16 shall not be modified without the express written consent of the
Administrative Agent.

                                      * * *

                                      -7-

<PAGE>

      In witness whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Professional
Services Agreement to be duly exercised by their authorized representatives as
of the date first above written.

                                         T-NETIX, INC.

                                         By: /s/ Lewis Schoenwetter
                                         Title: Vice President

                                         EVERCOM SYSTEMS, INC.

                                         By: /s/ Lewis Schoenwetter
                                         Title: Vice President

                                         H.I.G. CAPITAL, LLC

                                         By: /s/ Sami Mnaymneh
                                         Title: Managing Director
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
