<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.3
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>d95474kex10-3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>3RD AMENDED/RESTATED SATELLITE SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.3


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT


         THIS THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of August 1, 2001 (the
"Execution Date") by and between ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc. ("ITCD"), as
successor in interest to ITCD Systems, Inc., ITCD, and Weblink Wireless, Inc.
("Weblink"), as successor in interest to Weblink Wireless, Inc. ("Weblink").

                                    RECITALS

         WHEREAS, ITCD and Weblink are parties to a Second Amended and Restated
Satellite Services Supplemental Agreement, dated as of July 1, 1998, as amended
by the First Amendment thereto dated September 24, 1998, and Second Amendment
dated September 24, 1998 (the "Existing SSS Agreement"), concerning the purchase
of certain satellite services;

         WHEREAS, Weblink and ITCD have entered into an Amended and Restated
Master Agreement dated December 18, 1997 ("Existing Master Agreement");

         WHEREAS, on May 23, 2001, Weblink filed for protection under Chapter 11
of the United States Bankruptcy Code, in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Northern
District of Texas, Dallas Division (Case No. 01-34275-SAF-11) ("Bankruptcy
Case"), and pursuant to an Order issued by the bankruptcy court, Weblink has
assumed the Existing Master Agreement, and has entered into a new Master
Agreement dated August 1, 2001; and

         WHEREAS, pursuant to the Order of the bankruptcy court, Weblink has
assumed the Existing Supplemental Services Agreement; and

         WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Existing Supplemental Services
Agreement as provided herein.

                                    AGREEMENT


         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and other good and
valuable consideration received and acknowledged, ITCD and Weblink agree as
follows:

         During the Satellite Services Term, ITCD shall provide Weblink's
Satellite Capacity in accordance with, and Weblink shall be bound by, the terms
and conditions set forth below:

A. SATELLITE SERVICES TERM:

    1.  "Commencement Date": 12:00 a.m. (Eastern Time) on August 1, 2001.

    2.  "Termination Date": 11:59 p.m. (Eastern Time) on July 31, 2003, unless
        earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement.

B.  WEBLINK'S SATELLITE CAPACITY: ITCD shall provide satellite transponder
    capacity for the VNI Network according to the terms hereof. From the
    Commencement Date through the Termination Date Weblink's Satellite Capacity
    shall be provided through Ku-band transponder capacity leased by ITCD on
    Satellite(s) in accordance with Schedule 1 attached hereto.

C.  PRICE: Weblink shall pay to ITCD a monthly satellite capacity payment for
    Weblink's Satellite Capacity, in accordance with Section J below and
    Schedule 1 hereto. To the extent ITCD receives credits from the Satellite
    Operator by reason of service interruption affecting the Satellite Capacity
    provided hereunder for a period of one (1) hour or more (measured from the
    time ITCD receives notice


                                                                    Page 1 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

    thereof from Weblink), ITCD agrees to promptly credit Weblink with credits
    provided by the Satellite Operator for such interruption. The credit shall
    be equal to a pro rata portion (based on total bandwidth of the Satellite
    Capacity contracted for by Weblink on the Satellite compared to total
    bandwidth of the Satellite Capacity contracted for by ITCD for its own or
    third party use on the Satellite) of all amounts credited by the Satellite
    Operator to ITCD with respect to any interruption in service. ITCD will
    apply the credit promptly to any outstanding invoice between ITCD and
    Weblink under this Agreement or any other agreement between ITCD and
    Weblink, as selected by ITCD in its sole discretion.

D.  RESERVED.

E.  CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

    1.  "Affiliates" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person
        directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common
        control (i.e., the power to direct affairs by reason of ownership of
        voting stock, by contract or otherwise) with such Person and any member,
        director, officer or employee of such Person.

    2.  "FCC" shall mean the Federal Communications Commission or any successor
        organization.

    3.  "Satellite(s)" shall mean GE-4, and GE-1 and Telstar 4, through which
        ITCD will provide Weblink's Satellite Capacity.

    4.  "Laws" shall mean all international, federal, state, local and other
        laws, rules and other regulations, including, without limitation,
        those issued by the FCC.

    5.  "Person" shall mean any person or entity, whether an individual,
        trustee, corporation, general partnership, limited partnership, trust,
        unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture,
        governmental agency or authority, or otherwise.

    6.  "Transponder(s)" shall mean a component of the Satellite(s) which, for a
        particular frequency band, receives, amplifies, translates frequency and
        retransmits radio signals. Each Transponder contains one traveling wave
        tube amplifier (a "TWTA"). Transponder shall also mean, for purposes of
        this definition, any replacement or alternate components thereof.

    7.  "Satellite Capacity Failure" shall mean the failure of ITCD to provide
        Weblink's aggregate Satellite Capacity on a Satellite(s)(due to a
        Satellite or Transponder failure, including relocation of orbital
        position by FCC order). Determination that a Satellite Capacity Failure
        has occurred shall be made by ITCD in its sole discretion.

    8.  "Usage" or "Use" shall refer to radio transmission to, or utilization
        of, the Satellite(s) for the VNI Network.

    9.  "Satellite Operators" shall mean the owner(s) if the Satellite(s)
        specifically authorized by the FCC to operate the Satellite(s) and
        through whom ITCD makes available the satellite capacity required for
        the VNI Network.

    10. "Primary Hub" shall mean the Equipment at ITCD's primary hub location in
        Atlanta, Georgia which will be used to access Weblink's Satellite
        Capacity to run the VNI Network.

    11. "Alternate Hub" shall mean the Weblink equipment Weblink sets up at a
        site to be determined which will be used to access Weblink's Satellite
        Capacity to run the VNI Network in the event of a failure of the Primary
        Hub.

    12. "Weblink's Satellite Capacity" shall mean the satellite capacity to be
        provided hereunder to Weblink (expressed as SCUs or High Power SCUs)
        during the Satellite Services Term, as more particularly described in
        Paragraph J.2. hereof and Schedule 1 hereto. In addition, if Weblink
        requests additional satellite capacity as described in Schedule 1
        hereto, subject to availability of such satellite capacity, such
        additional satellite capacity shall be included upon commencement of
        service for such satellite capacity.


                                                                    Page 2 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

    13. "Equipment" shall mean the Very Small Aperture Satellite Terminals
        (VSATs) and associated hub hardware and remote site hardware including
        embedded software provided by ITCD under the Master Agreement.

    14. "Satellite Capacity Unit" or "SCU" - One SCU equals 800 kHz of
        bandwidth, which is normally configured as one (1) 128 Kbps outbound
        channel and two (2) 64 Kbps inbound channels. Using standard power
        levels and BPSK modulation, the percentage of available bandwidth in the
        transponder that is utilized by a SCU is equal to the percentage of the
        power available in the transponder utilized by that SCU.

    15. "High Power SCU" - One High Power SCU consumes twice the satellite
        capacity of one standard power SCU. Using high power levels and BPSK
        modulation, the percentage of available power in the transponder that is
        utilized by a High Power SCU is equal to two (2) times the percentage of
        available bandwidth in the transponder that is utilized by a SCU. A High
        Power SCU has a power density of not less than 9 dBW/4KHz and requires
        authorization from the FCC.

    16. "VNI" or "VNI Network" shall mean the VSAT network infrastructure
        consisting of the Equipment and software provided by ITCD under the
        Master Agreement.

    17. "GE-l Satellite" shall mean a communications satellite owned and
        operated by GE and positioned at 103 degrees west longitude orbital
        position.

    18. "GE-4 Satellite" shall mean a communications satellite owned and
        operated by GE and positioned at 101 degrees W.L. orbital position.

    19. "Telstar 4 Satellite" shall mean a communications satellite owned and
        operated by Loral Skynet and positioned at 89 degrees west longitude
        orbital position.

F.  CERTAIN UNDERSTANDINGS

    1.  Ownership of Transponders. Weblink understands and agrees that the
        Satellite Operators are the FCC-authorized operators of the Satellites.
        Neither this Agreement nor the provision of Weblink's Satellite Capacity
        hereunder shall, or shall be deemed to, convey title or any other
        ownership interest to Weblink in or to any Satellite, any Transponder or
        any part thereof. Weblink acknowledges and agrees (i) that nothing
        contained in this Agreement shall prevent any sale, mortgage, or
        encumbrance of any Satellite or any Transponder thereof by the owner,
        (ii) that Weblink's Satellite Capacity is provided on a right to use
        basis (with Equipment and services provided by ITCD under the Master
        Agreement) and is not being sold to Weblink, and (iii) that neither any
        Transponder nor any Satellite, nor any right to use thereof nor
        any interest of any type therein, shall be subject to any claim, prior,
        subsequent or otherwise, of Weblink or its creditors as a result of this
        Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ITCD shall use reasonable
        efforts to provide that the foregoing restrictions shall not impact or
        interfere with Weblink's use of Weblink's Satellite Capacity as provided
        for herein.

    2.  Control of Satellite. Weblink understands and agrees that the Satellite
        Operator(s) shall control and provide for the operation of the
        Satellite(s).

    3.  Communication with Satellite. All communications with the Satellite(s)
        will be provided through Equipment controlled by ITCD at either the
        Primary Hub; provided, however, upon the prior written request of
        Weblink, ITCD shall use its reasonable efforts to obtain the consent
        of each Satellite Operator to permit Weblink to exercise control of the
        Equipment at the Alternate Hub, and upon obtaining such consent(s),
        Customer shall have the right to make communications with the
        Satellite(s) through Equipment controlled by Weblink or its nominee at
        the Alternate Hub.


                                                                    Page 3 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                         ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT


G.  CONTINUITY OF SERVICE

    1.  Preemption/Interruption of Service. Weblink recognizes and agrees with
        respect to each Satellite that for technical or safety reasons, which
        shall include, but shall not be limited to, (1) the protection of the
        overall health or performance of the Satellite or its Transponders; (2)
        the prevention of interference or cross talk; (3) the protection of
        public safety; or (4) compliance with an order from the FCC or other
        governmental authorities - and the existence of which the Satellite
        Operator shall determine in its sole discretion - the Satellite Operator
        may take the following actions: (i) preempt or interfere with Weblink's
        Use of any Transponder or other component of the Satellite, (ii)
        reassign TWTAs to different Transponders on the Satellite, or (iii)
        reassign the frequency assignment of Weblink's Satellite Capacity.
        Weblink acknowledges and agrees that any such action by Satellite
        Operator may result in the preemption or interruption of the Use of
        Weblink's Satellite Capacity. ITCD shall notify Weblink as soon as
        reasonably practical after receipt by ITCD of oral or written notice
        from the Satellite Operator concerning any such action and shall use
        reasonable efforts to cause the Satellite Operator to schedule and
        conduct such action so as to minimize the Satellite Operator disruption
        of Weblink's Use of Weblink's Satellite Capacity. Weblink acknowledges
        and agrees that if such preemption or interruption occurs, then Weblink
        shall cooperate with and assist ITCD and the Satellite Operator during
        such periods and Weblink's sole remedies shall be any credits provided
        pursuant to Section C herein and, in the case of a Satellite Capacity
        Failure, the termination of this Agreement or reduction in Weblink's
        Satellite Capacity pursuant to Paragraph K herein.

    2.  Provision of Continuing Service. In the event of a Satellite Capacity
        Failure, ITCD shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the
        Satellite Operator to provide Weblink's Satellite Capacity using spare
        Transponder capacity on the Satellite, if available, or if such spare
        capacity is unavailable, then by using an alternate Transponder on the
        Satellite of the same polarity, if available. The availability of such
        spare or alternate Transponder on the Satellite, on a permanent or
        temporary basis, shall be determined by the Satellite Operator in its
        sole discretion. The foregoing notwithstanding, Weblink's sole remedies
        for any preemption of Use shall be any credits provided pursuant to
        Section C herein and, in the case of a Satellite Capacity Failure, the
        termination of this Agreement or reduction in Weblink's Satellite
        Capacity pursuant to Paragraph K herein.

H.  WEBLINK'S OBLIGATIONS

    Compliance With Agreement and Laws. During the Satellite Services Term,
    Weblink shall comply with the terms of this Agreement and shall be
    responsible for complying with, and shall comply with all Laws applicable to
    it regarding the operation and Use of the Satellites and the Transponders
    and regarding Use of Weblink's Satellite Capacity. Weblink shall be
    permitted to use Weblink's Satellite Capacity for any business unit,
    subsidiary, or Strategic Alliance Partner of Weblink, subject to the
    approval of ITCD, which shall not be unreasonably withheld; provided,
    however, operation of the Equipment provided under the Master Agreement or
    any other equipment used to access Weblink's Satellite Capacity, including
    Weblink's Alternate Hub, must be in strict accordance with guidelines and
    instructions provided by the Satellite Operator directly or through ITCD.

I.  REMEDIES

    1.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

        a. ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
        TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE OR USE, ARE
        EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED AND DISCLAIMED BY ITCD. WEBLINK EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT
        ITCD'S SOLE OBLIGATIONS AND WEBLINK'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES FOR ANY CAUSE
        WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,


                                                                    Page 4 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary

<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

        LIABILITY ARISING FROM NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
        AGREEMENT AND/OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY ARE
        LIMITED TO TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE REASONS DESCRIBED IN
        PARAGRAPH G ABOVE, AND ALL OTHER REMEDIES OF ANY KIND ARE EXPRESSLY
        EXCLUDED.

        b. IN NO EVENT SHALL ITCD BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
        DAMAGES, WHETHER FORESEEABLE OR NOT, OCCASIONED BY ANY DEFECT IN
        WEBLINK'S SATELLITE CAPACITY, FAILURE OF THE WEBLINK'S SATELLITE
        CAPACITY TO PERFORM OR ANY OTHER CAUSE WHATSOEVER. ITCD MAKES NO
        WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO ANY OTHER PERSON CONCERNING WEBLINK'S
        SATELLITE CAPACITY AND WEBLINK SHALL INDEMNIFY ITCD FROM ANY CLAIMS MADE
        UNDER ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION BY WEBLINK TO ANY THIRD PARTY.

    2.  Indemnification. Weblink shall indemnify and save ITCD and the Satellite
        Operators harmless from all liability disclaimed by ITCD, as specified
        above, to the extent such liability arises in connection with the
        provision by ITCD or the Satellite Operators of facilities and/or
        Weblink's Satellite Capacity or use of Weblink's Satellite Capacity
        pursuant to this Agreement provided, however, Weblink shall not be
        obligated to indemnify ITCD from such liability to the extent such
        liability arises from the willful misconduct or gross negligence of
        ITCD.

J.  PAYMENTS TO ITCD

    1.  Payment.

        a. Commencing on the Effective Date, Weblink shall pay ITCD for
        satellite capacity on GE-l, GE-4 and Telstar Satellites in accordance
        with Schedule 1 hereto. Customer agrees to pay ITCD for satellite
        capacity $348,800 (the "Baseline Amount") via electronic wire transfer
        on the seventh (7th) business day of each month (Baseline Due Date).
        This Baseline Amount represents the estimated recurring monthly amount
        due to ITCD for Satellite Capacity to be provided by ITCD during the
        month in which the payment is made. Customer agrees to pay interest
        charges of one and one half percent (1.5%) per month on any Baseline
        Amount not received by the appropriate Baseline Due Date. ITCD shall
        invoice Customer for actual monthly recurring charges. In the event that
        in a given month Customer's actual monthly recurring charges for
        Satellite Capacity are less than the Baseline Amount, Customer shall
        have the right to deduct the overpaid amount from the next Baseline
        Amount payment due.

        b. In the event that Customer's actual monthly recurring charges for
        Satellite Capacity exceeds the Baseline Amount, e.g. due to taxes (the
        "Additional Amounts"), then Customer agrees to pay all undisputed
        Additional Amounts within thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice
        for the same ("Additional Due Date"). Customer agrees to pay interest
        charges of one and one half percent (1.5 %) per month on any Additional
        Amounts not received by appropriate Additional Due Date. In the event
        Customer disputes any Additional Charges, Customer shall notify ITCD in
        writing prior to the Additional Due Date for such amount.

        c. Pursuant to an Order entered by the Bankruptcy Court on July 20,
        2001, Customer agrees that it will cure the $493,664.52 pre-petition
        debt it owes to ITCD by paying ITCD such pre-petition arrearage in six
        equal payments over a six month period beginning on the first Baseline
        Due Date occurring after the Order affirming such payment is entered by
        the Court. Each of the six monthly payments will be made via wire
        transfer on the same day that Customer remits the Baseline Amount each
        month until the pre-petition arrearage is cured. Customer agrees to pay
        interest charges of one and one half percent (1.5 %) per month on any
        such payment not received by the appropriate Baseline Due Date.


                                                                    Page 5 of 10


             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT


        d. Weblink's obligations to make the monthly satellite capacity payments
        provided by Paragraph C above and J(2) below shall be absolute and
        unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances, including,
        without limitation, any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or
        other right which Weblink may have against ITCD or anyone else for any
        reason whatsoever.

        e. The charges specified on Schedule 1 do not include any amounts for
        sales, use, property, privilege, license, excise or similar taxes, fees
        or assessments which may be levied by any governmental agency on this
        Agreement, the services provided or the payments made hereunder. Any
        such taxes or charges shall be paid directly by Weblink to the taxing
        authority, if legally permitted. Otherwise, if required to be paid by
        ITCD, the amount shall be reimbursed to ITCD by the Weblink. Upon
        request, the Weblink shall provide ITCD with tax exemption certificates,
        if applicable, or evidence of tax payments, if made by Weblink.

    2.  Required Satellite Capacity.

        a. Commencing August 1, 2001, Weblink shall pay for satellite capacity
        in accordance with Schedule 1 hereto. Weblink shall have the right to
        designate by written notice to ITCD that a portion of Weblink's
        Satellite Capacity, not to exceed ten (10) SCUs (i.e., five (5) High
        Power SCUs) on either GE-1 or GE-4, shall be provided as High Power
        SCUs. The provision of Weblink's Satellite Capacity as High Power SCUs
        on either GE-1 or GE-4 shall be subject to availability of High Power
        SCUs on such Satellite(s) and regulatory approval by the FCC. Upon
        receipt of such written notice, ITCD shall pursue such regulatory
        approval on a "commercially reasonable efforts" basis, at Weblink's sole
        cost and expense. For purposes of the unit pricing set forth on Schedule
        1, One (1) High PoWer SCU shall be equivalent to pricing for two (2)
        SCUs.

        b. ITCD shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resell any SCUs (in
        increments of 1/4 SCUs, or 200 kHz) that Weblink specifies in writing to
        ITCD to resell; provided, however, that Weblink in such written notice
        irrevocably releases the SCUs for the durations of this SSS Agreement.
        Weblink shall be required to continue to pay for the SCUs until such
        time, if any, as ITCD is able to resell the SCUs, as set forth below in
        Paragraph J(2)(c).

        c. ITCD shall reduce Weblink's minimum monthly payments in the amount of
        $l,625 for each 1/4 SCU that ITCD resells on GE-1 or $1,875 for each 1/4
        SCU that ITCD resells on GE-4; provided, however, that ITCD resells such
        SCU at a rate equal or greater than $1,625 per 1/4 SCU that ITCD resells
        on GE-1 or $1,875 for each 1/4 SCU that ITCD resells on GE-4. ITCD shall
        be permitted to receive payments for such resold SCUs directly from the
        purchaser.

        d. ITCD further agrees not to purchase additional satellite capacity for
        its own use from the time that Weblink gives ITCD written notice of
        released satellite capacity pursuant to Paragraph J(2)(b) above if ITCD
        determines, in its reasonable discretion, that ITCD's satellite capacity
        needs can be reasonably satisfied from Weblink's released satellite
        capacity, and in such event ITCD shall reduce Weblink's minimum monthly
        payments for satellite capacity by $1,625 for each 1/4 SCU that ITCD
        uses on GE-1 or $1,875 or each 1/4 SCU that ITCD uses on GE-4.

K.  TERMINATION

    1.  Events of Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically upon
        the Termination Date, unless terminated earlier pursuant to one of the
        following paragraphs:

        a. Termination for Satellite Capacity Failure. If a Satellite Capacity
        Failure continues uninterrupted for more than five (5) consecutive days,
        or such other period is mutually agreed upon in writing by ITCD and
        Weblink, then this Agreement may be immediately terminated by either
        party by written notice to the other delivered on or before the
        thirtieth day after the calendar day on



                                                                    Page 6 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

        which the Satellite Capacity Failure began; provided, however, that if
        such Satellite Capacity Failure affects only one Satellite and a portion
        of Weblink's Satellite Capacity remains available from other
        Satellite(s), then the right of termination shall apply only to
        Weblink's Satellite Capacity received hereunder from such failed
        Satellite and this Agreement shall continue in force with respect to the
        remaining portion of Weblink's Satellite Capacity. If so terminated,
        ITCD shall refund to Weblink the amount of any prepaid monthly charges
        for the terminated capacity prorated from the date of the Satellite
        Capacity Failure, and ITCD shall have no other or further liability to
        Weblink.

        b. Cancellation for Non-Payment and Violations of Law. Notwithstanding
        anything to the contrary and in addition to all other remedies ITCD may
        have, ITCD may immediately cancel this Agreement and accelerate all
        remaining payments due through July 31, 2003 if Weblink materially
        breaches any provision of this Agreement, including for example (but
        without limitation), (1) if Weblink fails to pay when due any amounts
        due pursuant to this Agreement within five (5) business days after the
        Baseline Due Date or Additional Due Date, as applicable, or (2) if
        Weblink violates the provisions of Paragraph H.l. ("Compliance with
        Laws"). Weblink hereby acknowledges and agrees that the U.S. Bankruptcy
        Court, Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division (Case No.
        01-34275-SAF-11) has entered an Order dated July 20, 2001, stating that
        the automatic stay of 11 USC 362 has been modified such that ITCD may
        immediately proceed to enforce any of its rights and remedies with
        respect to Customer in the event of a post-assumption default after five
        (5) business days written notice and opportunity to cure has lapsed.
        Upon termination, pursuant to this Paragraph K.1.b, ITCD shall be
        entitled to transfer Weblink's Satellite Capacity immediately to
        whomever ITCD sees fit, Weblink shall not be entitled to any equitable
        relief as a result thereof, and Weblink's exclusive remedy shall be
        limited to recovery of any payments made by it to ITCD for the period of
        time as to which it has been canceled, without interest, less any claim
        ITCD has against Weblink by reason of such Weblink's default; provided,
        however during the thirty (30) days immediately following such default,
        ITCD shall (1) offer Weblink's capacity to ITCD's existing customers of
        satellite capacity, and prospective customers with whom ITCD has been
        negotiating the sale of satellite capacity, (2) offer Weblink's
        capacity to other 2-way paging companies, and (3) request that the
        satellite vendor allow ITCD to terminate Weblink's capacity without
        penalty to ITCD. In the event ITCD is able to resell satellite capacity
        during such thirty (30) day period to customers or potential customers
        who meet ITCD's credit and other business requirements, or return
        satellite capacity to the vendor without charge or penalty, then
        Weblink's obligation to pay accelerated amounts as provided in the first
        sentence of this paragraph shall be reduced for such resold or returned
        capacity as provided in Section J.2.c.

        c. Termination by Weblink. In event that ITCD fails to provide Weblink's
        Satellite Capacity to Weblink as a result of the termination by a
        Satellite Operator of the lease to ITCD of Ku-Band satellite transponder
        capacity due to a default by ITCD, Weblink, provided that Weblink is not
        in default hereunder, shall have the right to reduce Weblink's Satellite
        Capacity under this Agreement to the extent of the Weblink's Satellite
        Capacity received hereunder from such Satellite Operator if ITCD fails
        to cure such failure within thirty (30) days after receiving written
        notice of such failure from Weblink. If Weblink's Satellite Capacity is
        so reduced, ITCD shall (i) refund to Weblink the amount of any prepaid
        monthly charges for the terminated Weblink's Satellite Capacity prorated
        from the date ITCD failed to provide such Weblink's Satellite Capacity
        and (ii) provide reasonable cooperation, at Weblink's request and
        expense, with any efforts by Weblink to contract directly with the
        Satellite Operator for such terminated Weblink's Satellite Capacity, and
        ITCD shall have no other or further liability to Weblink with respect to
        such terminated Weblink's Satellite Capacity.

    2. Continuation after Termination of Master Agreement. The parties
    acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is a separate, free standing
    contract and is independent of the New Master Agreement. This Agreement, and
    the parties' rights and obligations hereunder, shall continue in full force
    and effect notwithstanding any termination of, or default by either party
    under, the New Master Agreement.


                                                                    Page 7 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary



<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT


L.  MISCELLANEOUS

    1.  Headings. The Paragraph headings used in this Agreement, except where
        terms are specifically defined, are for reference and convenience only
        and shall not enter into the interpretation hereof

    2.  Waiver. No delay or omission by either party to exercise any right or
        power shall impair any such right or power or be construed to be a
        waiver thereof. A waiver by either of the parties of any of the
        covenants, conditions or agreements to be performed by the other or any
        breach thereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding
        breach thereof or of any other covenant, condition or agreement herein
        contained.

    3.  Severability. If, but only to the extent that, any provision of this
        Agreement is declared or found to be illegal, unenforceable or void,
        then both parties shall be relieved of all obligations arising under
        such provision, it being the intent and agreement of the parties that
        this Agreement shall be deemed amended by modifying such provision to
        the extent necessary to make it legal and enforceable while preserving
        its intent. If that is not possible, another provision that is legal and
        enforceable and achieves substantially the same objective shall be
        substituted. If the remainder of this Agreement is not affected by such
        declaration or finding and is capable of substantial performance then
        the remainder shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.

    4   Relationship of Parties. ITCD is performing pursuant to this Agreement
        only as an independent contractor and nothing set forth in this
        Agreement shall be construed to create the relationship of principal and
        agent between ITCD and Weblink. Neither ITCD nor Weblink shall act or
        attempt to act or represent itself, directly or by implication, as an
        agent of the other party or its Affiliates or in any manner assume or
        create, or attempt to assume or create, any obligation on behalf of, or
        in the name of, the other party or its Affiliates.

    5.  Approvals and Authorizations. The obligations of the parties hereto
        shall be subject to obtaining and maintaining all necessary regulatory
        and other governmental approvals and authorizations. The parties agree
        to use their respective and, where applicable, collective best
        reasonable efforts to obtain promptly and maintain any such approvals.

    6.  Notices. In addition to such other requirements as may be set forth
        herein, any notices hereunder by one party to the other party shall be
        given in writing by personal delivery (or by recognized overnight
        delivery service) or posted by certified mail return receipt requested,
        to the parties at the following addresses:

        IF ITCD, SEND TO:                      IF WEBLINK,SEND TO:
        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc.      Weblink Wireless, Inc.
        55 Marietta Street                     3333 Lee Parkway, Suite 100
        Atlanta, GA 30303                      Dallas, TX 75219
        Attn: Ivor Fredrickson                 Attn: John Hauge
        V.P. and Treasurer                     V.P. and Chief Financial Officer

        Notices will be deemed to have been given hereunder when delivered
        (whether or not accepted by the addressee).

    7.  Confidentiality. Each party hereby agrees that all non-public,
        confidential or proprietary information communicated to it by the other
        party, whether before or after the Execution Date, shall be and was
        received in strict confidence, shall be used only for purposes of this
        Agreement, and, for a period of five (5) years following the termination
        of this Agreement, shall not be disclosed by such party, its agents or
        employees without the prior written consent of the other


                                                                    Page 8 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>


                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

        party, except as may be necessary by reason of legal, accounting or
        regulatory requirements beyond the reasonable control of the disclosing
        party. The obligations set forth in this Section shall survive
        termination of this Agreement.

    8.  Force Majeure. The term "Force Majeure" shall include, but not be
        limited to, fires or other casualties or accidents, acts of God, severe
        weather conditions, sun outages, strikes or labor disputes, war or other
        violence, any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or
        requirement of any governmental agency or any other act or condition
        whatsoever beyond the reasonable control of the affected party. A party
        whose performance of its obligations hereunder is prevented, restricted
        or interfered with by reason of a Force Majeure condition shall be
        excused from such performance to the extent of such Force Majeure
        condition so long as such party immediately continues performance
        whenever and to the extent such causes are removed. Nothing in this
        Section shall relieve Weblink of its obligations to make payments to
        ITCD in accordance with Paragraphs C and J of this Agreement, except to
        the extent that ITCD is relieved of its obligations to make payments to
        the Satellite Operator by such Force Majeure condition.

    9.  Applicable Law and Entire Agreement. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE
        INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE
        STATE OF GEORGIA. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
        between the parties, supersedes all previous understandings, commitments
        or representations and is intended as the complete and exclusive
        statement of the terms of the agreement between the parties concerning
        the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended or modified
        in any way, and none of its provisions may be waived, except by a
        writing signed by each party hereto.

    10. Attorney's Fees. In the event of any dispute or controversy arising
        hereunder, any court having jurisdiction in any such dispute or
        controversy shall determine which of the parties is the prevailing party
        and shall award to the prevailing party the reasonable fees and expenses
        of counsel, experts and other court costs incurred in connection with
        such dispute or controversy.

    11. No right of Transfer. Weblink shall not, and shall not have the right
        to, grant, sell, assign, encumber, permit the utilization of, license,
        lease, or otherwise convey, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part
        (individually, a "Transfer"), Weblink's Satellite Capacity, or any of
        its rights under this Agreement, to any other entity or person.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may assign its Satellite
        Capacity, and its rights under this Agreement, without ITCD's written
        consent, to any corporation, partnership or other entity which is
        controlled by Customer and in which Customer has not less than fifty-
        one percent (51%) of the ownership interest, provided that no such
        assignment shall relieve Customer of any of its obligations hereunder.

    12. Successors and Assigns. Subject to Paragraph L.11 above, this Agreement
        shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of any successors and
        assigns of the parties, provided that no assignment of this Agreement
        shall relieve either party hereto of its obligations to the other party.
        Any purported assignment by either party not in compliance with the
        provisions of this Agreement shall be null and void and of no force and
        effect.


                                                                    Page 9 of 10


             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary


<PAGE>




                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                    SATELLITE SERVICES SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT

         IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this
Agreement to be duly executed on its behalf by an officer thereunto duly
authorized, all as of the day and year first above written.


                                         ITC DELTACOM COMMUNICATIONS, INC.

                                         By: Harold E. Conan
                                             -----------------------------------
                                         Title: Vice President
                                                --------------------------------
                                         Date: August 1, 2001
                                               ---------------------------------
                                         Signed: /s/ HAROLD E. CONAN
                                                 -------------------------------


                                         WEBLINK WIRELESS, INC.

                                         By: Douglas S. Glen
                                             -----------------------------------
                                         Title: Senior Vice President
                                                --------------------------------
                                         Date: July 31, 2001
                                               ---------------------------------
                                         Signed: /s/ DOUGLAS S. GLEN
                                                 -------------------------------











                                                                   Page 10 of 10

             Third Amended and Restated Satellite Services Agreement
                        ITC DeltaCom Communications, Inc
                          Confidential and Proprietary



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
