<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.40
<SEQUENCE>14
<FILENAME>c77055exv10w40.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT TO ENGAGEMENT LETTER
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                                                 EXHIBIT (10.40)

                                (AEG LETTERHEAD)










November 21, 2002




Board of Directors
Akorn, Inc.
2500 Milibrook Drive
Buffalo Grove, Illinois 60089

Dear Members of the Board:

         Following discussions with two independent directors of Akorn, Inc.
(the "Company") and outside counsel to the Company and AEG Partners LLC ("AEG"),
AEG hereby rescinds its resignation letter dated November 18, 2002. By your
countersignature below, the Company and AEG agree that AEG will be re-engaged as
Chief Restructuring Officer, effective as of the date hereof, on the same terms
and conditions as are set forth in the Engagement Letter, dated September 26,
2002, between AEG and the Company (the "Engagement Letter"), except as modified
in this letter agreement.

         Notwithstanding anything in the Engagement Letter or any other prior
agreement to the contrary, the Company and AEG agree as follows:

         1. The Company shall immediately take all necessary corporate action to
establish a Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company. The Corporate Governance Committee shall initially be comprised of
Jerry N. Ellis and Daniel E. Bruhl, M.D. Any changes to the composition of the
Committee during the period of AEG's engagement shall be subject to AEG's
approval. AEG shall interface with the Corporate Governance Committee during the
conduct of its engagement, and the Committee shall have been delegated all
authority otherwise vested in the full Board of Directors with respect to
restructuring matters and corporate compliance matters, including without
limitation regulatory affairs, quality assurance and quality control.

         2. The Company's outside securities counsel shall be engaged to review
an audiotape of the Company's November 15, 2002 teleconference with securities
analysts for the purpose of determining whether any statements were made by
officers of the Company that require correction.


<PAGE>

         3. The Success Fee (as defined in and contemplated by Section IV.C. of
the Engagement Letter) shall have the terms set forth on Annex A attached
hereto.

Very truly yours,

AEG PARTNERS, LLC

By: /s/ LAWRENCE M. ADELMAN
   --------------------------------
Name: Lawrence M. Adelman
Its: Managing Director
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:

AKORN, INC.


By: /s/ BEN J. POTHAST
    --------------------------------
Name:   Ben J. Pothast
      ------------------------------
Its:   CFO
     -------------------------------




                                        2

<PAGE>


                                     ANNEX A

                              TERMS OF SUCCESS FEE

The Success Fee will be comprised of two components, a percentage-based cash fee
and a grant of warrants, as follows:

Part A -- Cash Fee

         o        Fee will be equal to 1.5% of the aggregate amount of the
                  Company's indebtedness for borrowed money, including all then
                  existing principal and accrued interest, that is refinanced or
                  restructured pursuant to a new or restated credit facility
                  maturing on or after January 1, 2004

         o        Fee will be payable in cash at any closing of a refinancing or
                  restructuring

Part B -- Warrants

         o        Immediately upon the execution of the letter agreement to
                  which this Annex A is attached, AEG, the Company and their
                  respective counsel shall begin negotiating and drafting the
                  terms of a Warrant Purchase Agreement between AEG and the
                  Company. The parties will use their best good faith efforts to
                  complete the negotiations as soon as possible.

         o        Pursuant to the Warrant Purchase Agreement, the Company shall
                  issue to AEG 1,250,000 warrants to purchase the common stock
                  of the Company at an exercise price of $1.00 per warrant
                  share.

         o        Pursuant to the Warrant Purchase Agreement, the warrants shall
                  be issued on the date on which each of the following
                  conditions shall have been met or waived by the Company: (i)
                  the Pre-Negotiation Agreement, dated as of September 20, 2002,
                  by and among the Company, Akorn (New Jersey), Inc. and The
                  Northern Trust Company shall have been terminated, (ii) AEG's
                  engagement pursuant to the Engagement Letter shall have been
                  terminated (it being understood that the condition set forth
                  in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to have been waived by the
                  Company in the event that the Company has requested or agreed
                  that AEG's engagement shall continue beyond the date on which
                  the condition set forth in clause (i) above is satisfied) and
                  (iii) the Company shall have executed a new or restated
                  multi-year credit facility.

         o        The warrants shall contain customary registration rights and
                  anti-dilution protections.

         o        All unexercised warrants shall expire on the fourth
                  anniversary of the date of grant.

In the event that the restructuring of the Company's existing indebtedness is
not successfully completed prior to the termination of the Engagement Letter,
the Company and AEG agree to renegotiate in good faith the incentives and fees
applicable to AEG.

                                        3




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
