<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>xex_10-2.txt
<TEXT>







                                                             EXHIBIT 10.2

                               AMENDMENT NO. 1

                                     TO

                            CONSULTING AGREEMENT

        This AMENDMENT NO. 1 (the "AMENDMENT") to that certain Consulting
   Agreement dated as of March 30, 2009 (the "AGREEMENT") among PSQ, LLC
   ("PSQ"), General Employment Enterprises, Inc. (the "COMPANY") and
   Herbert F. Imhoff, Jr. (the "CONSULTANT"), is made and entered into as
   of June 22, 2009, by and among PSQ, the Company and the Consultant.
   Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall
   have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement.

        WHEREAS, PSQ, the Company and the Consultant desire to modify and
   amend the Agreement as set forth below.

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and
   agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby,
   the parties hereto agree as follows:

        1.   TERM.  The first sentence of Section 2 of the Agreement
   shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

             "The term of this Agreement shall begin on the Closing Date
   and shall continue for five (5) years thereafter (the "Term").

        2.   BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  Section 3(b) of the Agreement shall be
   amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

             "b.  BOARD OF DIRECTORS.  The Consultant shall continue to
   serve on the Board of Directors of the Company for three (3) years
   after the Closing Date at the same level and form of compensation and
   benefits as other outside directors of the Company, but in no event
   shall the Consultant receive less than $2,000 per month for such
   services."

        3.   AVAILABILITY.  Section 3(d) of the Agreement shall be
   amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

             "d.  AVAILABILITY.  The Consultant shall be available to
   render services to the Company under this Agreement for not more than
   twenty (20) hours during any week during the Term."

        4.   ANNUAL FEE.  Section 4(a) of the Agreement shall be amended
   and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

             "a.  ANNUAL FEE.  During the Term of this Agreement, the
   Company shall pay the Consultant at the rate of $180,000 per year,
   payable in equal monthly installments."







        5.   SHARE ISSUANCE.  Section 4(d) of the Agreement shall be
   amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

             "d.  SHARE ISSUANCE.  In consideration for (1) the
   Consultant's agreeing to (i) terminate his Employment Agreement and
   release his rights thereunder (except as specified herein), (ii)
   cancel his options as described in Section 4(c) above, (iii) grant a
   release in favor of the Company as described in Section 4(b) above,
   and (iv) enter into the non-competition and non-solicitation covenants
   in Section 9 below, and (2) the other benefits to be provided by the
   Consultant hereunder, contingent upon the occurrence of the Closing
   Date, the Company will issue to the Consultant 500,000 fully vested
   shares of Common Stock of the Company (the "Acquired Stock") for no
   additional consideration.  The issuance of the Acquired Stock will be
   subject to approval by the Company's shareholders in accordance with
   the applicable requirement set forth in the NYSE Amex Company Guide.
   PSQ agrees to cause such shareholder approval to be obtained by (A)
   voting all of the shares of Common Stock of the Company held by PSQ
   and its affiliates in favor of the approval and adoption of a written
   consent of the shareholders of the Company approving the issuance of
   the Acquired Stock to the Consultant, which consent will be approved
   and adopted by PSQ no later than ten days after the Closing Date, and
   (B) as promptly as practicable thereafter, and in any event no later
   than ten days thereafter, filing with the Securities and Exchange
   Commission and thereafter distributing to the shareholders of the
   Company an information statement relating to such written shareholder
   consent in accordance with Rule 14C-2 of the Securities Exchange Act
   of 1934, as amended, and applicable state law.  The Company will
   effect the issuance of the Acquired Stock to Mr. Imhoff upon the later
   to occur of (x) the earliest date permitted under Rule 14C-2 of the
   Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (y) the approval by
   NYSE Amex of the supplemental listing application to be filed by the
   Company in connection with the issuance of the Acquired Stock, which
   supplemental listing application will be filed by the Company as
   promptly as practicable after such written shareholder consent is
   approved and adopted.  With respect to the amount, if any, that the
   Company is required to withhold under the Internal Revenue Code of
   1986, as amended, in connection with the issuance of the Acquired
   Stock to the Consultant, the Consultant shall pay over to the Company
   upon request an amount equal to such withholding amount, and the
   Company shall timely pay such amount to the appropriate taxing
   authority.

        6.   MISCELLANEOUS.

             (A)  The execution and delivery of this Amendment have been
   duly and validly authorized and approved by the Board of Directors of
   the Company and by the Sole Member of PSQ, and no other proceedings
   (corporate or otherwise) on the part of the parties are necessary to
   authorize this Amendment.



                                      2







             (B)  Upon execution hereof, each reference in the Agreement
   to "this Agreement," "hereby," "hereunder," "herein," "hereof" or
   words of like import referring to the Agreement shall mean and refer
   to the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment.  If this Amendment is
   inconsistent with (or affects the interpretations of) unamended
   portions of the Agreement, the provision of (or interpretations
   suggested by) this Amendment shall control.

             (C)  This Amendment may be executed in one or more
   counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
   which together will constitute one and the same instrument.



                         [INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.]






































                                      3







        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this
   Amendment as of the date first above written.

   PSQ, LLC                           HERBERT F. IMHOFF, JR.


   By:  /s/  Stephen B. Pence         /s/ Herbert F. Imhoff, Jr.
        ----------------------        --------------------------
        Name: Stephen B. Pence        Chairman, President and
        Its:  Sole Member             Chief Executive Officer



   GENERAL EMPLOYMENT ENTERPRISES, INC.

   By:  /s/ Kent M. Yauch
        --------------------
        Name:  Kent M. Yauch
        Its: Vice President, Chief
             Financial Officer and Treasurer


































                                      4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
