<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>13
<FILENAME>g00481exv10w18.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.18 AMENDMENT TO AMERICAN HONDA MOTOR COMPANY AGREEMENT DATED 1-30-06
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                                                   Exhibit 10.18

                   AMENDMENT TO MOTOR TRANSPORTATION CONTRACT

     This Amendment to Motor Transportation Contract "the Amendment" is entered
into this 30th day of January, 2006 by and between AMERICAN HONDA MOTOR CO.,
INC. ("Shipper") and ALLIED SYSTEMS, LTD. ("Carrier").

     WHEREAS, Shipper and Carrier are parties to that certain Motor
Transportation Contract dated April 1, 2002 (as amended, the "Agreement").
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the
Agreement.

     WHEREAS, Shipper and Carrier desire to amend certain terms of the Agreement
as more fully set forth herein;

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained in this
Amendment and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, Shipper and Carrier agree as follows:

     1.   EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION. Section 2 of the Agreement is hereby
          amended in its entirety to read as follows:

          "This Contract shall terminate as of March 31, 2009. The term shall
          automatically be extended for successive periods of one (1) year until
          terminated by either party upon not less than sixty (60) days prior to
          the expiration of the then current term."

     2.   RATE MODIFICATION EFFECTIVE APRIL 1, 2006. Section 4 of the Agreement
          is hereby amended to add the following to the end of the first
          sentence of Section 4:

          "..., provided that the schedule of rates and charges as set forth in
          the Appendix attached to the Agreement shall be amended in order to
          provide that all rates and charges charged by Carrier to Shipper for
          transportation services herein shall be increased by ___% effective
          April 1, 2006. From April 1, 2007 through March 31, 2008, the
          applicable rates and charges for transportation services provided by
          Carrier will be further increased by ___%. From April 1, 2008 through
          the remaining term of the Agreement, the applicable rates and charges
          for transportation services provided by Carrier will be further
          increased by ___%. The above increases shall apply to all rates and
          charges for services however characterized under this Agreement but
          shall not apply to any fuel surcharge payments provided for in the
          Agreement."

<PAGE>

     3.   SECTION 18. A new Section 18 is hereby added to the Agreement:

          "18. Fuel Surcharge Provision. Shipper will provide Carrier with fuel
          surcharge payments based on an average of the price of West Texas
          Crude Intermediate on a quarterly basis. Our current fuel surcharge is
          __%. Using the average of the price of West Texas Crude Intermediate
          for the previous quarter, the surcharge will be adjusted +/- depending
          on the direction of the average price. For every ($___) change in the
          price of West Texas Crude, the fuel surcharge will be adjusted +/-
          (__%) percent.

     4.   SECTION 19. A new Section 19 is hereby added to the Agreement:

          "19. Additional Provision. On each anniversary of the Effective Date
          of the Agreement, Shipper and Carrier will consider whether the size
          and weight of vehicles transported by Carrier for Shipper under the
          Agreement has resulted in a reduction in the number of units which
          Carrier transports per loaded vehicle for Shipper, and if such change
          causes a material adverse effect upon Carrier, then the parties shall
          negotiate in good faith to modify the rates to account for the
          reduction in units transported per loaded vehicle.

     5.   AGREEMENT CONTINUES. The terms and provisions of this Amendment amend,
          add to, and constitute part of the Agreement, and this Amendment and
          the Agreement shall be read as one document. Except as expressly
          modified and amended by the terms of this Amendment, all of the terms
          and conditions of the Agreement remain in full force and effect, and
          are ratified, reaffirmed, confirmed and approved. If there is an
          express conflict between the terms of this Amendment and the terms of
          the Agreement, the terms of this Amendment shall govern.

     6.   COUNTERPARTS. This Amendment may be executed by the parties in
          separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall
          be deemed an original, but all such counterparts will together
          constitute one and the same instrument. All signatures of any party
          may be transmitted by facsimile, and a facsimile will for all purposes
          be deemed to be the original signature of the person it reproduces,
          and will be binding upon that person and upon the party on whose
          behalf that person signed.

     7.   CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS. This Amendment will only become effective
          after the entry of an order in the Bankruptcy Court for the Northern
          District of Georgia authorizing Carrier to enter into this Amendment
          and providing for Carrier's assumption of the Agreement.

     8.   EQUIPMENT AND DRIVERS. Carrier agrees to provide adequate drivers and
          equipment to transport American Honda Motor Co., Inc. products in
          compliance with our AGREED Performance Excellence Standards of 80% or
          better on time performance as set forth in the Agreement.

<PAGE>

     9.   EQUIPMENT CONDITION. Carrier agrees to use due diligence in
          maintaining and upgrading equipment to provide dependable and
          serviceable equipment to protect American Honda Motor Co., Inc.
          product from damage. Carrier further agrees to provide an increased
          fleet of equipment to protect American Honda Motor Co., Inc. growth.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment to be executed
by their respective representatives the day and year first above written.

"SHIPPER"                               "CARRIER"

AMERICAN HONDA MOTOR CO. INC.           ALLIED SYSTEMS, LTD.


BY:                                     BY:
    ---------------------------------       ------------------------------------
Its:                                    Its:
     --------------------------------        -----------------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
