<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<FILENAME>ex10-2_form8k043007.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.2
<TEXT>
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.2
                                                                   ------------


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                        INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

        This Amended and Restated Investment Management Agreement ("Agreement")
between  TCMG-MA,  LLC (the  "Investor")  and TRIAN FUND  MANAGEMENT,  L.P.,  a
Delaware limited partnership (the "Investment Manager"),  is entered into as of
the 30th day of April, 2007.

        WHEREAS,  the Investment  Manager serves as (i) the management  company
for Trian Partners,  L.P. (the "US Fund"), Trian Partners,  Ltd. (the "Offshore
Fund"), Trian Partners Master Fund, L.P. (the "Offshore Master Fund") and Trian
Partners Master Fund (Non-ERISA), L.P. (the "Non-ERISA Fund", and collectively,
the "Funds");  and (ii) the investment  manager of Trian Partners Parallel Fund
I, L.P. ("Account I"), Trian Partners Parallel Fund II, L.P. ("Account II") and
such  other   investment   vehicles  and  managed  accounts  formed  to  invest
substantially  in  parallel  with  the  Funds,  subject  to tax and  regulatory
considerations (collectively, "Parallel Vehicles" and, together with the Funds,
the "Other Accounts");

        WHEREAS,  Mr.  Nelson  Peltz,  Mr. Peter May and Mr. Edward Garden (the
"Principals")  serve as  officers  and  portfolio  managers  of the  Investment
Manager;

        WHEREAS,  the  Investor  and the  Investment  Manager  entered into the
Investment  Management  Agreement  dated as of November 14, 2005 (the "Original
Agreement"),  pursuant to which the Investor retained the Investment Manager to
act as discretionary investment manager with respect to the Account (as defined
below); and

        WHEREAS,  in  connection  with the  corporate  restructuring  of Triarc
Companies,  Inc., the indirect parent company of the Investor, the Investor and
the Investment  Manager  desire to amend and restate the Original  Agreement as
hereinafter set forth.

        In consideration of the mutual covenants  contained herein, the parties
hereto hereby amend and restate the Original Agreement as follows:

        1.      The  Investor  hereby  appoints the  Investment  Manager as its
discretionary   investment  manager  with  respect  to  the  Account,  and  the
Investment Manager hereby accepts such appointment,  pursuant to the provisions
of this Agreement.  The "Account" shall mean a separate  investment account of,
and in the name of, the  Investor  comprised of all of the cash and assets held
by the Custodians (as defined below) plus any  investments,  reinvestments  and
proceeds of the sale thereof,  including without limitation,  all dividends and
interest on  investments,  and all  appreciation  thereof,  net of  withdrawals
therefrom.

        2.      On December 1, 2005 (the  "Contribution  Date"),  the  Investor
contributed $75 million to the Account.

        3.      (a)     The Investor  acknowledges  and agrees that the Account
will be invested  substantially in parallel with the Other Accounts (subject to
legal,  tax or regulatory  constraints) and that in investing the assets of the
Account the Investment Manager will follow an investment strategy  ("Investment
Strategy")  substantially  similar to the investment  strategy of the U.S. Fund
(as previously provided to the Investor).

<PAGE>

                (b)     In   furtherance   of  the   foregoing,   the  Investor
acknowledges that the Investment  Manager may invest the assets of the Account,
on margin or otherwise, in securities and other financial instruments of United
States and non-United States entities,  including, without limitation:  capital
stock;  preferred stock; shares of beneficial interest;  partnership  interests
and similar  financial  instruments;  bonds,  bank debt and other fixed  income
investments,  notes  and  debentures  (whether  subordinated,   convertible  or
otherwise); currencies; commodities; interest rate, currency, commodity, equity
and other  derivative  products  (including,  without  limitation:  (i) futures
contracts (and options thereon) relating to stock indicies,  currencies, United
States  government  securities  and  securities of foreign  governments,  other
financial instruments and all other commodities, (ii) swaps, options, warrants,
repurchase agreements,  reverse repurchase agreements, caps collars, floors and
forward rate agreements,  (iii) spot and forward currency transactions and (iv)
agreements  relating  to  or  securing  such  transactions);   equipment  lease
certificates;   equipment  trust  certificates;   loans;   accounts  and  notes
receivable and payable held by trade or other  creditors;  bankruptcy and trade
claims; contract and other claims; executory contracts; participations;  mutual
funds; money market funds and other cash equivalents; obligations of the United
States or any state thereof,  foreign governments and  instrumentalities of any
of them; commercial paper; certificates of deposit; bankers' acceptances; trust
receipts;  investments  in  other  physical  assets;  private  equity  and debt
transactions and other obligations and instruments or evidences of indebtedness
of  whatever  kind  or  nature,  in  each  case,  of any  person,  corporation,
government  or other  entity  whatsoever,  whether  or not  publicly  traded or
readily  marketable  (all  such  items  being  called  herein a  "Security"  or
"Securities"),  and to sell Securities short and cover such sales. The Investor
further  acknowledges  and agrees that the Investment  Manager shall not invest
more than 40% of the net asset value of the Account in non-U.S. Securities.

                (c)     The Investor  acknowledges  that the Account,  the U.S.
Fund,  the  Offshore  Master Fund,  the  Non-ERISA  Fund and Parallel  Vehicles
(collectively,  the  "ROFR  Investors")  shall  have a right of  first  refusal
("ROFR") with respect to their respective PRO RATA shares (as determined by the
Investment Manager) of all investment opportunities presented to the Account or
to the Principals that meet the investment objective of the Account;  provided,
that such right  shall not extend to: (i)  investments  in excess of 50% of the
outstanding  voting  securities  of  businesses  relating to the quick  service
restaurant industry (as long as (x) Triarc Companies, Inc. ("Triarc") continues
to control the outstanding equity interests of businesses in such industry, (y)
one or more of the  Principals  serves as a  director  of  Triarc,  and (z) the
Principals  directly or  indirectly  own in the  aggregate  in excess of 10% of
Triarc's  common  equity);   (ii)  investments  presented  to  members  of  the
Investment  Manager's  investment  team  in  their  individual   capacities  as
directors  of   corporations  or  under  other  similar   circumstances   where
pre-existing  fiduciary duties apply; or (iii)  investments  below $15 million,
all of which  investments  described in clauses (i)-(iii) may, at the option of
the Principals,  be offered to the Account  (provided that the ROFR shall apply
to any such  investment  referred  to in  clauses  (i) and (ii)  above  that is
rejected by such corporation or other fiduciary entity).

        4.      The Investor acknowledges and agrees that assets of the Account
shall be valued for purposes of  determining  the  Performance  Fee (as defined
below) as follows:

                (a)     Securities  that are  listed on a  securities  exchange
shall be valued at their last sales prices on the date of  determination on the

                                       2
<PAGE>

primary securities  exchange on which such Securities shall have traded on such
date (or, in the event that the date of  determination is not a date upon which
a securities  exchange  was open for  trading,  on the last prior date on which
such securities exchange was so open not more than 10 days prior to the date of
determination).  Securities  that are not listed on an exchange  but are traded
over-the-counter shall be valued at the mean between the last "bid" and "asked"
price for such security on such date,  unless  included in the NASDAQ  National
Market  System,  in which case they shall be valued based upon their last sales
prices (if such prices are  available);  PROVIDED THAT, if the last sales price
of a Security  does not fall between the last "bid" and "asked"  price for such
Security on such date, then the Investment Manager shall value such Security at
the mean  between  the last "bid" and "asked"  price for such  Security on such
date.  Securities not denominated in U.S. dollars shall be translated into U.S.
dollars at prevailing exchange rates as the Investment Manager may determine in
good faith. Assets held in a Segregated  Sub-Account (as defined below) will be
valued:  (i) in the case of  investments  in  Securities  that are  listed on a
securities exchange or traded over-the-counter, in the manner describe above as
of the last day of the immediately  preceding quarter;  and (ii) in the case of
all other investments,  at cost (any such valuation pursuant to clauses (i) and
(ii) above,  a "Value").  Securities  that are  difficult  to value,  including
illiquid Securities of the type referred to in clause (i) above, will be valued
as the Investment Manager may determine in good faith.

                (b)     All other assets of the Account (except goodwill, which
shall not be taken into account) shall be assigned such value as the Investment
Manager may determine in good faith.

                (c)     If  the  Investment  Manager  determines  in  its  sole
discretion that the valuation of any Securities pursuant to Section 4(a) (other
than  Securities  valued  pursuant  to clause  (ii)  thereof)  does not  fairly
represent market value, the Investment  Manager may value such Securities as it
determines  in good  faith and shall set forth the basis of such  valuation  in
writing in the Account's records.

                (d)     All values  assigned to Securities  and other assets by
the Investment Manager pursuant to this Section 4 shall be final and conclusive
as to the Investor.

        5.      The Investor  acknowledges  and agrees that  liabilities of the
Account shall be determined using generally accepted accounting principles,  as
a  guideline,  applied  on a  consistent  basis;  PROVIDED,  HOWEVER,  that the
Investment Manager in its discretion may provide reserves for estimated accrued
expenses,   liabilities  or  contingencies,   including  general  reserves  for
unspecified  contingencies  (even if such reserves are not in  accordance  with
generally accepted accounting principles).

        6.      All matters  concerning  the valuation of Securities  and other
assets,  liabilities,  profits  and  losses  of  the  Account,  and  accounting
procedures, not expressly provided for by the terms of this Agreement, shall be
determined by the  Investment  Manager whose  determination  shall be final and
conclusive as to the Investor.

        7.      (a)     During the period  commencing on the Contribution  Date
and ending on December 31, 2007 (the "Waiver Period"),  no management fee shall
be due to the Investment  Manager in respect of the services provided hereunder
by the  Investment  Manager.  Thereafter,  the  Investor  will pay a  quarterly

                                       3
<PAGE>

management fee on the first day of each quarter (the  "Management  Fee") to the
Investment  Manager  of  0.5%  of  the  Investor's  beginning  Account  balance
(including,  for this purpose,  any Segregated  Sub-Account (as defined below))
for the quarter (2.0% per annum). The Investment Manager may change or increase
the Management Fees in respect of any  contributions  made to the Account after
the Contribution  Date. The portion of the Management Fee determined in respect
of any Segregated  Sub-Account  will be debited against the Account.  If, after
giving effect to a withdrawal,  the Investor would be completely withdrawn from
the Account except for one or more  Segregated  Sub-Account(s),  the Management
Fee  determined in respect of the Segregated  Sub-Account(s)  will be paid from
the management fee reserve (as described below under Section 21(i)). A PRO RATA
portion of the quarterly  Management Fee will be paid out of any  contributions
made by the Investor to the Account on any date that does not fall on the first
day of a fiscal quarter.  Such fee will be paid upon  contribution of the funds
to the Account.  In the case of a withdrawal  by the Investor  other than as of
the last day of a quarter,  a PRO RATA portion of the  Management Fee (based on
the actual number of days remaining in such partial  quarter) will be repaid by
the  Investment  Manager to the  Investor.  For  purposes  of  determining  the
Management  Fee,  investments  held in Segregated  Sub-Accounts  will be valued
pursuant to the terms set forth above in Section 4.

                (b)     100% of all broken deal and 50% of all  transaction and
advisory fees received by or otherwise payable to the Investment Manager or its
Affiliates in connection  with the Account's  share of an actual or prospective
investment  will,  prior  to  January  1,  2008,  be paid to the  Account  and,
beginning  January 1,  2008,  be  applied  to reduce  the  Management  Fees (as
reasonably  determined by the Investment Manager based on the proportion of the
actual or  prospective  investment  therein  made or to be made by the  Account
versus that made by Other Accounts).

        8.      (a)     During the Waiver Period,  no performance  fee shall be
charged  to the  Investor  in  respect of the  Account.  Thereafter,  an annual
performance fee (the "Performance  Fee") equal to 20% of the net unrealized and
realized  appreciation  of the Account  (excluding  Segregated  Investments (as
defined  below))  during each calendar  year  (starting  immediately  after the
expiration of the Waiver Period) shall be paid to the Investment  Manager after
adjustment for any additional capital contributions and/or withdrawals from the
Account by the Investor and after reduction for the Management Fees paid by the
Investor for such calendar year  pursuant to Section  7(a);  PROVIDED,  that no
Performance  Fee due in  respect  of any  calendar  year  shall  be paid to the
Investment  Manager until all net losses of the Account from any prior calendar
year have been recouped.

                (b)     From time to time, the Investment Manager may determine
that  certain  assets in the Account  lack a readily  assessable  market  value
and/or are intended to be longer term  investments  and should,  therefore,  be
held until the  resolution  of a special event or  circumstance.  Such illiquid
and/or  longer term  investments  ("Segregated  Investments")  may be held in a
"Segregated Sub-Account".  Segregated Investments may, but are not expected to,
comprise  more  than 25% of the net  asset  value of the  Account.  Whenever  a
Segregated Investment is realized or the Investment Manager determines,  at its
sole discretion, that such Segregated Investment should no longer be maintained
in a Segregated Sub-Account, the Segregated Investment shall be transferred out

                                       4
<PAGE>

of the  Segregated  Sub-Account  and  100% of the  unrealized  appreciation  or
depreciation  (if any) of such  Segregated  Investment  will be  applied to the
Account for purposes of calculating the Performance Fee.

                (c)     Any Performance Fee due the Investment Manager shall be
paid within 30 days from December 31 of each calendar year.

                (d)     Any  Performance Fee due in respect of a period that is
shorter than one year shall be calculated  PRO rata based on the number of days
in such period, assuming a 365-day year.

                (e)     The  Investment  Manager shall have the right to amend,
without the consent of the Investor, this Section 8 so that the Performance Fee
therein provided conforms to any applicable  requirements of the Securities and
Exchange  Commission (the "SEC") and other  regulatory  authorities;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER,  that no such  amendment  shall  increase  the  Performance  Fee  that
otherwise would be charged to the Investor.

        9.      The   Investment   Manager  shall  have  full   discretion  and
authority,  without  obtaining any prior  approval  from the  Investor,  as the
Investor's agent and attorney-in-fact, and at the Investor's expense:

                (a)     to make all  investment  decisions  in  respect  of the
Account;

                (b)     to invest the Account in Securities in accordance  with
the Investment Strategy;

                (c)     to give  instructions  to the  Custodians  relating  to
investment decisions in respect of the Account;

                (d)     to complete, execute and return documentation on behalf
of the Investor  relating to  Securities  to be bought or sold for the Investor
pursuant  to  this  Agreement  including  any  proxy  solicitation  or  related
materials distributed by the issuer of any Security held in the Account; and

                (e)     in furtherance  of the  foregoing,  to do anything that
the  Investment  Manager  shall deem  requisite,  appropriate  or  advisable in
connection  therewith,  including,  without  limitation,  the selection of such
brokers, dealers and others as the Investment Manager shall determine.

        10.     The  Investment  Manager is not  authorized  to take custody or
possession of any cash or Securities  constituting  a part of the Account.  The
Investor  shall  appoint  Goldman,  Sachs  &  Co.  and  Morgan  Stanley  &  Co.
Incorporated or any of their now or hereafter existing affiliated entities as a
custodian (each a "Custodian" and together the  "Custodians") for the assets of
the Account.  All trades  shall be executed in the name of  "TCMG-MA,  LLC" and
deposited  with  the   Custodians.   The  Investment   Manager  shall  have  no
responsibility  or  liability  with  respect  to the acts,  omissions  or other
conduct of the Custodians.

        11.     The Investor shall provide such certificates, limited powers of
attorney or other documentation  reasonably  requested by the Custodians or any


                                       5
<PAGE>

purchase and sale of  Securities  in  connection  with the  performance  of the
Investment Manager's duties hereunder.

        12.     The Investor  hereby  irrevocably  constitutes and appoints the
Investment  Manager as its agent and  attorney-in-fact  to, in its  discretion,
vote, tender,  exercise or convert any Securities in the Account and to execute
proxies, waivers, consents and other instruments with respect to the foregoing;
and to endorse,  transfer or deliver such  Securities  and to participate in or
consent  to any class  action,  plan of  reorganization,  merger,  combination,
consolidation,  liquidation or similar plan with  reference to such  Securities
(collectively,  the  "Discretionary  Acts").  The Investment  Manager shall not
incur any liability to the Investor by reason of any exercise of, or failure to
exercise,  discretion  with respect to the  Discretionary  Acts. The Investment
Manager will exercise its discretion with respect to the Discretionary Acts and
take such action with respect to the  Discretionary  Acts as it  determines  in
good faith to be in the best interest of the Investor.  The Investor  agrees to
(i) provide such  documentation  and (ii) take such necessary action, as may be
requested by the Investment  Manager, in order to facilitate the performance of
the Discretionary Acts.

        13.     (a)     The  Investment  Manager  hereby  confirms that Messrs.
Peltz and May and/or entities (other than the Investor) controlled by them have
invested at least $75 million in  aggregate  in the U.S.  Fund and the Parallel
Vehicles.

                (b)     The Investor represents, warrants and agrees that:

                (i)     The retention of the Investment Manager by the Investor
as investment  manager with respect to the investment of all assets held in the
Account  is  authorized  by the  Limited  Liability  Company  Agreement  of the
Investor.

                (ii)    The  execution,   delivery  and   performance  of  this
Agreement does not violate any obligation by which the Investor or its property
is bound, whether arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise.

                (iii)   This Agreement has been duly  authorized by appropriate
action and when  executed  and  delivered  will be a legal,  valid and  binding
agreement of the Investor,  enforceable against the Investor in accordance with
its  terms  (except  as  such  enforceability  may  be  limited  by  applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium and similar laws of general
application  relating to or affecting  the rights and remedies of creditors and
by  general  principles  of  equity),  and the  Investor  will  deliver  to the
Investment  Manager such evidence of such authority as the  Investment  Manager
may reasonably require, whether by way of a certified resolution or otherwise.

                (iv)    The Investor is an  "accredited  investor" as that term
is  defined  in Rule  501(a)  of the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as  amended,  a
"qualified  purchaser"  as that term is  defined  in  Section  2(a)(51)  of the
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and a "qualified client" as defined
in Rule 205-3 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

                (v)     The  foregoing  representations  and  warranties  shall
continue during the term of this Agreement,  and if at any time during the term
of this  Agreement  any event has occurred that would make any of the foregoing

                                       6
<PAGE>

representations  and warranties  untrue or inaccurate in any material  respect,
the Investor  will  promptly  notify the  Investment  Manager of such event and
inform the Investment Manager of the representations and warranties that are no
longer true.

        14.     (a)     The Investor  understands  that the Investment  Manager
will perform  investment  advisory  services for other investment  vehicles and
accounts,  including the Other  Accounts.  Nothing in this  Agreement  shall be
deemed to impose upon the Investment Manager any obligation to purchase or sell
for the Account any  Security  that the  Investment  Manager,  its  principals,
affiliates  or employees  may purchase or sell for its or their own accounts or
for  the  account  of any  other  client,  if in  the  sole  discretion  of the
Investment   Manager,   such  transaction  or  investment  appears  unsuitable,
impractical  or  undesirable  for  the  Account.   Furthermore,   the  Investor
acknowledges  that the portfolios,  as well as the performance,  of the Account
and the Other  Accounts  will  differ as a result of  differing  capital  flows
(I.E.,  differences in the amount and timing of contributions  and withdrawals)
as well as because of different tax and regulatory considerations.

                (b)     The  Investor  acknowledges  that other  clients of the
Investment  Manager and clients of the  Investment  Manager's  affiliates,  and
affiliates,  officers,  directors,  and  employees  of any of them  may have an
interest  in a  security  whose  purchase  or  sale is  recommended  or that is
purchased,  sold or otherwise traded by the Investment Manager on behalf of the
Investor.  Accordingly,  the Investor  agrees that the  Investment  Manager may
engage in transactions on behalf of the Investor that may be inconsistent  with
transactions  recommended to, or engaged in by the Investment Manager on behalf
of other  clients  of the  Investment  Manager  or  clients  of the  Investment
Manager's affiliates,  or transactions engaged in by the affiliates,  officers,
directors or employees of any of them.

                (c)     The   Investor   acknowledges   and  agrees   that  the
Investment  Manager may cause the Account,  either alone or together with other
members of a group  (including  the U.S.  Fund,  the Offshore  Master Fund, the
Non-ERISA Fund and any Parallel  Vehicles),  to acquire a "control" position in
the  Securities  of a company in which the Account is invested,  and may secure
the appointment of persons selected by the Investment  Manager or other members
of the group to such  company's  management  team or board of directors.  In so
doing,  the Investor  acknowledges  and agrees that the Investment  Manager may
acquire fiduciary duties to such company and to the other  shareholders of such
company;  and that these fiduciary duties may compel the Investment  Manager to
take actions  that,  while in the best  interests  of such  company  and/or its
shareholders,  may not be in the best  interests of the Investor.  Accordingly,
the Investor  acknowledges  and agrees that the  Investment  Manager may have a
conflict of interest between the fiduciary duties (if any) that it owes to such
companies and their  shareholders,  on the one hand,  and those that it owes to
the Investor, on the other hand.

        15.     The Investor  agrees that the  Investment  Manager shall not be
under any duty with regard to any assets,  securities,  funds or other property
held by the Investor that are not part of the Account.

        16.     Subject to the  Investment  Manager's  right to comply with any
demand or  requirements  of any legal,  regulatory or taxing  authority  having
jurisdiction over the Investment Manager, the Investment Manager shall treat as

                                       7
<PAGE>

confidential  all information  pertaining to the Account and the Investor shall
treat the advice of the  Investment  Manager  and its other  actions in respect
thereof in the same manner.

        17.     Until  further   written   notice  from  the  Investor  to  the
Investment  Manager,  the individuals  whose names and specimen  signatures are
designated  to the  Investment  Manager  in writing  shall be the only  persons
authorized  to direct the  Investment  Manager.  Any such  written  notice must
contain the names and specimen signatures of the individuals who are authorized
to act on behalf  of the  Investor  and must be  signed  by one of the  persons
previously  designated to the Investment  Manager as an authorized  person. Any
instructions from the Investor or any such authorized individuals shall be made
in  writing,  or  orally  and  confirmed  in  writing  as soon  as  practicable
thereafter.  The Investment  Manager shall be entitled to rely upon any notice,
designation,  instruction,  direction,  request or other communication given it
hereunder  (whether  given in  writing by letter,  fax,  email,  order or other
document,  or orally by  telephone  or in person)  without  being  required  to
determine the  authenticity  or  correctness  thereof,  provided the Investment
Manager believes such notice, designation,  instruction,  direction, request or
other communication to be genuine or given by a person duly authorized.

        18.     Instructions of the Investment Manager to the Investor shall be
made in  writing,  or orally and  confirmed  in writing as soon as  practicable
thereafter.  The  Investment  Manager  shall  instruct  all  brokers or dealers
executing  orders on behalf of the Account to forward to the Investor copies of
all brokerage or dealer  confirmations  promptly in written or electronic  form
after execution of all transactions.

        19.     The Investment  Manager cannot and does not insure any increase
in the value of the Account.  Additionally, the Investor acknowledges that none
of  the  Investment  Manager,  its  affiliates,  and  any of  their  respective
shareholders,  members, partners,  directors,  officers and employees (each, an
"Indemnified  Party" and  collectively,  the  "Indemnified  Parties")  shall be
liable to the Investor for (i) any acts or omissions arising out of, related to
or in  connection  with the Account or any entity in which it has an  interest,
any  transaction or activity  relating to the Account or any entity in which it
has an interest,  any investment or proposed  investment made or held, or to be
made or held by the Account,  or this Agreement or any similar  matter,  unless
such action or inaction  was made in bad faith or  constitutes  fraud,  willful
misconduct  or gross  negligence  or (ii) any act or  omission of any broker or
agent of any  Indemnified  Party,  PROVIDED that the  selection,  engagement or
retention of such broker or agent was not made by the Indemnified Party seeking
exculpation in bad faith and does not constitute fraud,  willful  misconduct or
gross  negligence of the  Indemnified  Party seeking  exculpation.  Each of the
Indemnified  Parties may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of the
Account's  affairs  and be fully  protected  and  justified  in any  action  or
inaction that is taken in accordance with the advice or opinion of such counsel
or  accountants,  PROVIDED that their  selection of such counsel or accountants
was not made in bad faith and does not constitute fraud,  willful misconduct or
gross negligence of the Indemnified Party seeking exculpation.

        20.     The Investor  acknowledges that to the fullest extent permitted
by law,  the  Investor  shall  indemnify  and hold  harmless,  solely  from the
Account's  assets,  each  Indemnified  Party from and against any loss, cost or
expense  suffered or  sustained  by an  Indemnified  Party by reason of (i) any
acts,  omissions or alleged acts or omissions  arising out of or in  connection
with the Account, or any entity in which it has an interest,  any investment or

                                       8
<PAGE>

proposed investment made or held, or to be made or held by the Account, or this
Agreement or any similar  matter  (collectively,  "Covered  Acts"),  including,
without limitation, any judgment, award, settlement, reasonable attorneys' fees
and other costs or  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with the defense of any
actual or threatened  action,  proceeding,  or claim,  PROVIDED that such acts,
omissions  or alleged acts or  omissions  upon which such actual or  threatened
action,  proceeding  or claim are  based  were not made in bad faith or did not
constitute  fraud,  willful  misconduct or gross  negligence by the Indemnified
Party seeking  indemnification,  or (ii) any acts or omissions, or alleged acts
or omissions,  of any broker or agent of any Indemnified  Party  (collectively,
"Covered Broker Acts"), PROVIDED that the selection, engagement or retention of
such broker was not made by the Indemnified  Party seeking  indemnification  in
bad faith and does not constitute fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence
of the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification.  The Account shall advance to
any Indemnified  Party reasonable  attorneys' fees and other costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the defense of any action or proceeding that arises
out of any Covered Act or any Covered  Broker Act,  whether or not the provisos
of (i) or  (ii)  apply.  In the  event  that  such  an  advance  is made by the
Investor,  the Indemnified Party shall agree to reimburse the Investor for such
fees,  costs and expenses to the extent that it shall be finally  determined by
non-appealable  order  of a court  of  competent  jurisdiction  that it was not
entitled to indemnification.  In no event shall the Investor have any liability
under this Section 20 in excess of the assets in the Account.

        21.     (a)     The  Investor   understands   that  during  the  period
commencing  on the date  hereof and ending on December  31, 2010 (the  "Lock-up
Period"), the Investor shall not withdraw any capital from the Account,  except
as expressly  permitted by this Agreement.  Subject to the provisions set forth
below,  upon the conclusion of the Lock-up Period,  the Investor shall have the
right, as of December 31 of any year (commencing with December 31, 2010) (each,
a "Withdrawal  Date"),  upon written notice to the Investment Manager delivered
at least 90 days prior to such  Withdrawal  Date,  to withdraw from the account
some or all of the  capital in the  Account  as of the date of this  Agreement.
Subject to the  provisions set forth below,  after the 36-month  anniversary of
any additional contributions of capital to the Account, the Investor shall have
the  right,  as of  the  next  Withdrawal  Date,  upon  written  notice  to the
Investment Manager delivered at least 90 days prior to such Withdrawal Date, to
withdraw some or all of such  additional  capital from the Account.  Withdrawal
requests will be  irrevocable  by the Investor  upon receipt by the  Investment
Manager, but such irrevocability may be waived by the Investment Manager at its
sole discretion.

                (b)     (i) A  "Triggering  Withdrawal"  means  any  direct  or
indirect withdrawal by an Affiliated Investor (as defined below), including the
Investor,  during the Waiver  Period  (other than a withdrawal  of an incentive
allocation  from the U.S. Fund, the Offshore Master Fund or the Non-ERISA Fund)
that would cause the aggregate  amounts  invested by the  Affiliated  Investors
(including  the value of their PRO RATA share in any  segregated  investment or
sub-accounts) in the Funds,  the Account and any Parallel  Vehicles to be below
an amount equal to the Affiliated  Investment (as defined below) reduced by any
losses thereon.

                (ii)    A "Trigger Withdrawal Date" shall mean a day at the end
of the fiscal quarter on which the Non-Affiliated  Investors (as defined below)
may be  eligible to withdraw or redeem  certain  specified  amounts  from their

                                       9
<PAGE>

investments in the Funds following a Triggering  Withdrawal,  as set forth in a
written  notice  from  the   Investment   Manager  or  its  affiliates  to  the
Non-Affiliated Investors.

                (iii)   "Affiliate" shall mean, with respect to any Person, any
Person  controlling,  controlled by or under common control with,  such Person.
"Person" shall mean any individual,  partnership,  limited  liability  company,
corporation, trust or other entity.

                (iv)    "Affiliated  Investors" shall mean the Principals,  the
general  partner  of  the  U.S.  Fund  and/or  their   respective   Affiliates.
"Non-Affiliated  Investors"  shall  mean  investors  not  affiliated  with  the
Principals,  the  general  partner of the U.S.  Fund  and/or  their  respective
Affiliates.

                (v)     "Affiliated    Investment"    shall   mean    aggregate
investments by the Affiliated  Investors in the U.S. Fund, the Offshore  Master
Fund, the Non-ERISA Fund,  Account I, the Account and/or any Parallel  Vehicles
equal to the  lesser of (x) 10% of the  aggregate  capital  commitments  of all
Non-Affiliated  Investors in the U.S. Fund, the Non-ERISA Fund and the Offshore
Fund committed on the initial closing of such Funds, and (y) $200 million.

                (c)     Payment  of any  withdrawal  proceeds  shall be made in
cash (or in kind if the  Investment  Manager  reasonably  determines  that cash
payments are  impractical)  within 30 days of the  withdrawal  date;  PROVIDED,
however,  that if the Investor  elects to withdraw 90% or more of the net asset
value of the Account  (excluding for this purpose the Segregated  Sub-Account),
the Investor  shall  receive an amount  equal to at least 90% of its  estimated
withdrawal proceeds (excluding its PRO RATA share in any Segregated Sub-Account
and computed on the basis of unaudited data as of the  withdrawal  date) within
30 days after the withdrawal  date and the balance of the  withdrawal  shall be
paid  (subject to audit  adjustments)  within 30 days after  completion  of the
audit of the Account for the year in which such withdrawal  occurs. No interest
will be paid on any balance due after a  withdrawal  date.  The  Investor  will
retain its interest in any Segregated  Sub-Account until there is a realization
of the investment in such account or the Investment Manager determines that the
investment should no longer be maintained in the Segregated  Sub-Account.  Upon
such  realization  or  determination,  the  investment  or its proceeds will be
distributed to the Investor (net of any accrued  Performance  Fees with respect
to the  Segregated  Sub-Account)  within  60 days of the end of the  accounting
period in which such event occurs.

                (d)     In the event  that the  aggregate  withdrawal  requests
(other than  pursuant to Section  21(e)) made by the Investor and  investors in
the Other  Accounts for any  Withdrawal  Date exceed 20% of the total net asset
value  of all  such  accounts  as of such  date  (excluding  the  value  of any
segregated  investments),  the Investment  Manager may, in its sole discretion,
(i) satisfy the  Investor's  withdrawal  request or (ii) reduce the  Investor's
withdrawal request so that only 20% (such limitation,  the "Gate") (or more, at
the sole  discretion of the  Investment  Manager) of the net asset value of the
Account  (excluding  the value of any Segregated  Investments)  is withdrawn on
such withdrawal date. A withdrawal  request that is not satisfied in full as of
the intended  Withdrawal  Date because of the  foregoing  restrictions  will be
fully  satisfied at the immediately  following  Withdrawal Date (subject to the
suspension provisions described in Section 21(g)). Until the Withdrawal Date as
of which a  withdrawal  becomes  effective,  the  Account  will remain at risk.

                                      10
<PAGE>

Notwithstanding  the foregoing,  the Investment Manager agrees that it will not
provide investors in Other Accounts with any relief from the "gate" restriction
applicable to such investors  unless the Investment  Manager  provides the same
relief to the Account.

                (e)     The  Investor  shall have the right to withdraw  assets
from the Account  (without  being subject to the Gate) if both Nelson Peltz and
Peter W. May:  (i) die;  (ii) are  unable,  by reason of illness or injury,  to
perform their duties as officers of the  Investment  Manager for 90 consecutive
days;  or (iii) for any reason  other than death,  illness or injury,  cease to
perform their duties as officers of the Investment Manager. Upon the occurrence
of such an event,  the  Investment  Manager will promptly  notify the Investor.
During the 90-day  period  following  notice of such an event (the  "Suspension
Period"),  no withdrawals  shall be made. Upon the receipt of at least 30 days'
written  notice  prior to the end of the  Suspension  Period,  the Investor may
withdraw  assets  from the  Account  as of the last day of the first full month
after the expiration of such  Suspension  Period  (without being subject to the
Gate).  Upon exercise of such special  withdrawal  right,  the Investor will be
paid 90% of its estimated  withdrawal request (determined as of the end of such
calendar  month),  such amount to be paid  promptly  following  the end of such
calendar month. The balance of the Investor's  withdrawal  request will be paid
(subject to audit  adjustments) to the Investor within 30 days after completion
of a special audit of the Account as of the end of such calendar month.

                (f)     The  Investment  Manager  may, in its sole  discretion,
require the Investor to withdraw all or any part of the assets from the Account
at any time,  for any reason or no reason,  upon 5 days' prior written  notice.
The  Investment  Manager  also may require the  Investor to withdraw all of the
assets from the Account  immediately in the event that the Investment  Manager,
in its sole discretion,  determines that any representations or warranties made
by the Investor under Section 13(b) are no longer true.

                (g)     The Investment  Manager may suspend  withdrawal rights,
in whole or in  part:  (i)  during  any  period  when  any  stock  exchange  or
over-the-counter  market on which the Account's  investments are quoted, traded
or dealt in is closed, other than for ordinary holidays and weekends, or during
periods  in which  dealings  are  restricted  or  suspended;  (ii)  during  the
existence  of any state of affairs as a result of which,  in the opinion of the
Investment  Manager,  disposal  of  the  Account's  investments  would  not  be
reasonably   practicable;   (iii)   during  any   breakdown  in  the  means  of
communication  normally  employed  in  determining  the  price  or value of the
Account's  assets or  liabilities,  or of current prices in any stock market as
aforesaid,  or when for any other  reason the prices or values of any assets or
liabilities  of the  Account  cannot  reasonably  be  promptly  and  accurately
ascertained;  (iv) during any period when the transfer of funds involved in the
realization  or acquisition of any  investments  cannot,  in the opinion of the
Investment Manager, be effected at normal rates of exchange;  or (v) where such
withdrawal would impede a pending tender offer, proxy contest, shareholder vote
or other hostile action with respect to an issuer.  Upon the  determination  by
the  Investment  Manager that any of the  above-mentioned  conditions no longer
applies,  withdrawal  rights  shall be  promptly  reinstated,  and any  pending
withdrawal  requests  shall  be  honored  as of the end of the  fiscal  quarter
following such determination.

                (h)     The  Investment  Manager may waive notice  requirements
and  require  or  permit  withdrawals  under  such  other  circumstances  as it
approves.


                                      11
<PAGE>

                (i)     Notwithstanding  anything to the contrary  herein,  if,
after giving effect to a withdrawal, the Investor would be completely withdrawn
from  the  Account   except  for  its  interest  in  one  or  more   Segregated
Sub-Account(s), the Investment Manager may determine to reserve or hold back an
amount  deemed  by  the  Investment  Manager,  in  its  reasonable  discretion,
sufficient  to  cover  any  Management  Fees  with  respect  to the  Segregated
Investment(s) relating to such Segregated  Sub-Account(s),  taking into account
the  expected  period  of  time  such  Segregated   Investment(s)  will  remain
outstanding (the  "management fee reserve").  The management fee reserve may be
invested in U.S.  Treasury  bills,  money market funds or any other  investment
deemed  appropriate by the Investment  Manager for the benefit of the Investor.
Upon the  realization of a Segregated  Investment or the  determination  by the
Investment  Manager  that an  investment  should no longer be  maintained  in a
Segregated  Sub-Account,  the  Investor's  interest in the  investment  will be
distributed to the Investor (net of a Performance  Fee, if any, with respect to
such Segregated Investment to be paid to the Investment Manager), together with
the  remainder,  if any, of any  management  fee reserve (and any amount earned
thereon)  that  is not  designated  by the  Investment  Manager  to  cover  any
Management  Fee  expected  to be  due  with  respect  to any  other  Segregated
Investment,  within 60 days of the end of the  accounting  period in which such
event occurs.

                In the event the management fee reserve is  insufficient to pay
for the Management  Fees with respect to the Investor's  interest in Segregated
Investment(s),  the  Investment  Manager  may send an annual  statement  to the
Investor  providing for the payment of the Management  Fees with respect to the
Investor's interest in Segregated  Investment(s) to the Investment Manager. The
Management  Fees will be due within 15 business days of receiving  such notice.
If the full  amount  of the  Management  Fees due and  owing is not  paid,  the
Investment  Manager may, at its sole  discretion,  and in addition to any other
rights it may have,  reduce the amount of any  subsequent  withdrawal  proceeds
paid to the Investor by an amount equal to any unpaid Management Fees.

        22.     The  Investment  Manager  agrees  that  if any  more  favorable
liquidity  or fee terms than those  provided to Investor are or have been given
by  any  of the  Funds  to any  investor  (excluding  officers,  employees  and
affiliates of the Investment Manager, their family members, and entities formed
by or for the benefit of one or more such persons) in the Funds, which investor
together  with its  successors,  affiliates,  and any  accounts  or  investment
vehicles sponsored,  managed,  advised or sub-advised by such investor (and its
affiliates and successors) has an aggregate investment in the Funds equal to or
smaller than the aggregate  amount in the Account (such  investor,  a "Relevant
Investor"),  then (i) the Investment  Manager will promptly notify the Investor
in writing of such more favorable  liquidity or fee terms  (without  disclosing
the identity of the Relevant  Investor),  and (ii) the more favorable liquidity
or fee terms shall be effective  retroactively  with respect to the Investor to
the  date  on  which  such  terms  were  granted  to  the  Relevant   Investor.
Notwithstanding  anything  herein to the  contrary,  the rights in favor of the
Investor  pursuant  to this  Section  22 are  conditioned  upon  and  shall  be
applicable  only to the extent that the  Investor  has invested and retained an
aggregate investment of not less than $50 million in the Account.

        23.     The Investment  Manager agrees to provide the Investor  monthly
position and activity reports in sufficient detail to allow the Investor and/or
its affiliates to record, value and confirm the activity that took place within

                                      12
<PAGE>

the Account during the prior month in the financial  statements of the Investor
and/or its  affiliates.  The  Investment  Manager  agrees to (i)  establish and
implement all  accounting,  financial  reporting and  bookkeeping  policies and
procedures  and prepare and deliver to the Investor  and/or its  affiliates all
tax, accounting,  financial and other information,  in such form and manner and
at such times as the Investor and/or its affiliates may request,  to enable the
Investor  and/or its  affiliates  to satisfy their tax,  accounting,  financial
reporting,  bookkeeping and other  obligations under applicable laws, rules and
regulations  (including those under accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and those of the SEC, any stock exchange or other
self-regulatory  organization) and its obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, as amended from time to time, and (ii) use all  reasonable  efforts to
provide to the  Investor,  its  affiliates  and/or their  respective  agents or
representatives  (including  auditors) such other  information  and appropriate
access to the personnel and records of the Investment Manager and the personnel
and records of the  counterparties  to  derivative  transactions  at such times
(including on a monthly  basis) as may be reasonably  requested by the Investor
and/or its affiliates in order to permit the Investor  and/or its affiliates to
satisfy any other reporting obligations under applicable law or regulations.

        24.     The Investor agrees that it will bear all expenses  relating to
the Account  including,  but not limited to,  expenses  relating to the cost of
purchasing  investments  (e.g.,  brokerage  commissions and trading costs), the
Management Fee, financing fees, prime brokerage fees, filing fees, registration
fees and similar fees, audit and tax return  preparation  fees, fees in respect
of  consulting,   custodial,  accounting,  investment  banking,  appraisal  and
financial  advisory  services provided by third parties not affiliated with the
Investment  Manager  relating to investments or  prospective  investments,  due
diligence expenses and fees relating to investments or prospective investments,
conduct of proxy  contests  and tender  offers,  litigation  expenses and legal
expenses  (including the cost of in-house counsel of the Investment Manager and
its  affiliates in amounts not to exceed those that would be payable to outside
counsel  engaged to perform  such  services  as  reasonably  determined  by the
Investment  Manager in good faith)  incurred in  connection  with the making or
administration  of  investments  (to the extent not borne by companies in which
the Account has an investment and regardless of whether consummated), liability
insurance  covering  the  Investment  Manager  and its  respective  affiliates,
members, directors,  officers, employees and agents, and extraordinary expenses
and other similar  expenses  related to the Account as the  Investment  Manager
determines in its sole  discretion.  The  Investment  Manager will allocate the
foregoing  expenses (except for the Management Fee) amongst the Account and the
Other Accounts in an equitable manner and on a timely basis sufficient to allow
the Investor to meet its financial reporting  requirements;  PROVIDED, that the
Investment  Manager may, in its discretion,  specially allocate expenses to the
Account to reflect its interest in a Segregated Sub-Account, such allocation to
be in proportion to the Account's  participating  percentage in such Segregated
Sub-Account.

        25.     (a)     The Investment Manager shall regard as confidential all
information  concerning the businesses and affairs of the Investor and,  except
to  the  extent  required  by  law  or  regulation,  shall  not  disclose  such
information  to anyone  outside of the  Investment  Manager  without  the prior
written consent of the Investor; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, that the Investment Manager
may include the name of the Investor in a representative client list.

                (b)     The Investor  acknowledges that it will receive or have
access  to  confidential  proprietary  information  concerning  the  Investment

                                      13
<PAGE>

Manager, including,  without limitation,  this Agreement,  portfolio positions,
valuations, information regarding potential investments, financial information,
trade secrets and the like, which is proprietary in nature and non-public.  The
Investor  agrees that it shall not disclose or cause to be  disclosed  any such
confidential information to any person or use any such confidential information
for its own purposes or its own other  accounts,  except in connection with its
investment in the Account (including for federal securities, tax, accounting or
other  reporting  purposes) and except as otherwise  required by any regulatory
authority,  law  or  regulation,  or  by  legal  process.  Notwithstanding  the
foregoing,  the Investor (and each employee,  representative  or other agent of
the  Investor) may disclose to any and all persons,  without  limitation of any
kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transactions  described herein
and all materials of any kind  (including  opinions or other tax analyses) that
are provided to the Investor  relating to such tax treatment and tax structure,
it being understood that "tax treatment" and "tax structure" do not include the
information identifying the transactions described herein.

        26.     (a)     This  Agreement will have an initial term ending at the
conclusion of the Lock-up Period, and thereafter shall be automatically renewed
on a one-year rolling basis unless the Investor gives the Investment Manager 90
days  written  notice  prior to the  conclusion  of the  Lock-up  Period or any
one-year period thereafter.  The Investment Manager may terminate the Agreement
at any time, upon 90 days' prior written notice to the Investor.

                (b)     The Investor may terminate  this  Agreement at any time
when it has withdrawn,  in accordance  with this  Agreement,  all of the assets
from the Account.

        27.     Any  notice,  consent or other  communication  made or given in
connection  with this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have
been duly given when  delivered  by hand or facsimile or five days after mailed
by certified mail, return receipt requested, as follows:

                to the Investment Manager at:

                Trian Fund Management, L.P.
                280 Park Avenue, 41st Floor
                New York, New York  10017
                Attn:  General Counsel

                and to the Investor at:

                TCMG-MA, LLC
                280 Park Avenue, 41st Floor
                New York, New York  10017
                Attn:  General Counsel


        28.     No provision of this Agreement may be amended, modified, waived
or discharged  except as agreed to in writing by the parties.  The failure of a
party to insist  upon strict  adherence  to any term of this  Agreement  on any
occasion  shall not be considered a waiver thereof or deprive that party of the
right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term
of this Agreement.

                                      14
<PAGE>

        29.     This  Agreement  shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
of the Investor, the Investment Manager, and with respect to Sections 19 and 20
each Indemnified Party, and their respective  successors and permitted assigns.
Any  person  that is not a  signatory  to this  Agreement  but is  nevertheless
conferred any rights or benefits hereunder shall be entitled to such rights and
benefits as if such person were a signatory hereto, and the rights and benefits
of such person  hereunder  may not be impaired  without such  person's  express
written  consent.  Except as provided for pursuant to the  preceding  sentence,
nothing in this Agreement,  express or implied,  is intended to or shall confer
any rights or benefits upon any other person or entity than the parties hereto.
No party to this  Agreement  may assign or  delegate,  by  operation  of law or
otherwise,  all or any portion of its rights,  obligations or liabilities under
this  Agreement  without the prior  written  consent of the other party to this
Agreement.

        30.     Notwithstanding  the place where this Agreement may be executed
by either of the parties hereto, the parties expressly agree that all terms and
provisions  hereof shall be governed by and  construed in  accordance  with the
internal laws of the State of New York  applicable to contracts made and wholly
performed, and to transactions wholly consummated, within that State.

        31.     Each party hereto hereby consents to submit to the jurisdiction
of the  courts of the  State of New York and of the  United  States of  America
located in the City of New York, for any action, suit or proceeding arising out
of or relating to this  Agreement.  Each party further  waives any objection to
the laying of venue of any such action,  suit or proceeding in such courts, and
further  agrees not to plead or claim in any such  court that any such  action,
suit or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

        32.     The provisions of Sections 19, 20, 23, 27, 29, 30 and 31 hereof
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

        33.     Except as provided herein,  this Agreement  contains all of the
terms agreed upon or made by the parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement,  and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous  agreements (including
the  Original  Agreement),  negotiations,   correspondence,   undertakings  and
communications of the parties, oral or written, respecting such subject matter.

        34.     This  Agreement  may be executed  in one or more  counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument.




                                      15
<PAGE>


Agreed to and accepted as of the        TCMG-MA, LLC
30th day of April, 2007
                                        By: /s/ Francis T. McCarron
                                            -----------------------------
                                            Name:  Francis T. McCarron
                                            Title: Executive Vice President
                                                   and Chief Financial Officer



                                        TRIAN FUND MANAGEMENT, L.P.

                                        By: Trian Fund Management GP, LLC,
                                            its General Partner


                                            By: /s/ Peter W. May
                                                --------------------------
                                                 Name: Peter W. May
                                                 Title: Member



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
