<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>36
<FILENAME>ex10-6_3.txt
<TEXT>
                                                                  Exhibit 10.6.3

                                                                  CONFORMED COPY

                                28 SEPTEMBER 2001

                        GRANITE FINANCE FUNDING LIMITED

                                     -and-

                      MOURANT & CO. CAPITAL (SPV) LIMITED
                         as Corporate Services Provider



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                           AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT

                                 relating to a

                     CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER AGREEMENT

                              dated 26 March 2001

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<PAGE>


THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT is made on 28 September 2001

BETWEEN:

(1)   GRANITE FINANCE FUNDING LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of
      Jersey, registered number 79308, whose registered office is at 22
      Grenville Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8TB, Channel Islands (Company);
      and

(2)   MOURANT & CO. CAPITAL (SPV) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws
      of England and Wales, registered number 4092438, whose registered office
      is at 4th Floor, 35 New Bridge Street, London EC4V 6BW (Corporate Services
      Provider).

WHEREAS:

(A)   The Corporate Services Provider has agreed to provide corporate services
      to the Company on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the
      Corporate Services Provider Agreement dated 26 March 2001 (the Corporate
      Services Provider Agreement).

(B)   The parties now wish to amend and restate the Corporate Services Provider
      Agreement pursuant to the provisions set out herein.

(C)   With effect from the date hereof, the provisions of the Corporate Services
      Provider Agreement and this Amendment and Restatement shall be read and
      construed as one document.

      NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1.    INTERPRETATION

1.1.  The master Definitions Schedule signed for the purposes of identification
      by Brown & Wood and Clifford Chance Limited Liability Partnership on 26
      March 2001 (as the same may be amended, varied or supplemented from time
      to time with the consent of the parties hereto) is expressly and
      specifically incorporated into this Amendment and Restatement and (to the
      extent necessary) these presents, and accordingly, the expressions defined
      in the Master Definitions Schedule (as so amended, varied or supplemented)
      shall, except where the context otherwise requires and save where
      otherwise defined herein, have the same meanings in these presents,
      including the recitals hereto and these presents shall be construed in
      accordance with the interpretation provisions set out in Clause 2
      (Interpretation and Construction) of the Master Definitions Schedule.

1.2.  The Corporate Services Provider Agreement as amended and restated pursuant
      hereto shall be referred to herein as the Amended and Restated Agreement.


                                       1
<PAGE>


1.3.  As used in the Corporate Services Provider Agreement and as amended and
      restated by this Deed of Amendment and Restatement, the terms "CORPORATE
      SERVICES PROVIDER AGREEMENT", "THIS CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER
      AGREEMENT", "AGREEMENT", "THIS AGREEMENT", "HEREIN", "HEREINAFTER",
      "HEREOF", "HERETO" and other words of similar import shall mean or refer
      to the Amended and Restated Corporate Services Provider Agreement, unless
      the context otherwise specifically requires.

2.    AMENDMENTS TO THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER AGREEMENT

      Upon execution of this Amendment and Restatement by the parties hereto,
      the Corporate Services Provider Agreement shall be and hereby is amended
      and restated in the form of Appendix I hereto.

3.    COUNTERPARTS

      This Deed of Amendment and Restatement may be executed in any number of
      counterparts, and has the same effect as if the signatures on the
      counterparts were on a single copy of this Deed of Amendment and
      Restatement.

4.    GOVERNING LAW

      This Amendment and Restatement is governed by, and shall be construed in
      accordance with, the laws of Jersey.


                                       2
<PAGE>


                                 EXECUTION PAGE

IN WITNESS WHEREOF THIS AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT HAS BEEN EXECUTED BY THE
PARTIES HERETO AND ENTERED INTO THE DAY AND YEAR FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN.



SIGNED BY J.C. WALKER

For and on behalf of
Granite Finance Funding Limited



SIGNED BY NIGEL C. BRADLEY

For and on behalf of
Mourant & Co. Capital (SPV) Limited


                                       3
<PAGE>


                                   APPENDIX I

           AMENDED AND RESTATED CORPORATE SERVICE PROVIDER AGREEMENT


                                       4
<PAGE>


                               28 SEPTEMBER 2001


                        GRANITE FINANCE FUNDING LIMITED


                                      AND


                      MOURANT & CO. CAPITAL (SPV) LIMITED)



             ======================================================

                      FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED CORPORATE
                          SERVICES PROVIDER AGREEMENT
             DATED 28 SEPTEMBER, 2001 WHICH AMENDS AND RESTATES THE
              CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER AGREEMENT DATED 26 MARCH
                                      2001

             ======================================================




                                     [LOGO]
                             MOURANT DU FEU & JEUNE

                   ADVOCATES, SOLICITORS AND NOTARIES PUBLIC
   PO Box 87, 22 Grenville Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PX, Channel Islands
                      Tel: 01534 609000 Fax: 01534 609333


(C) Mourant du Feu & Jeune


<PAGE>


THIS AGREEMENT is made the 28 day of September 2001 and amends and restates the
Corporate Services Provider Agreement dated 26 March 2001.

BETWEEN

(1)   GRANITE FINANCE FUNDING LIMITED, a company incorporated under the laws of
      Jersey, registered number 79308, whose registered office is at 22
      Grenville Street, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8TB, Channel Islands (COMPANY);
      and

(2)   MOURANT & CO. CAPITAL (SPV) LIMITED, a company incorporated under the
      laws of England and Wales, registered number 4092438, whose registered
      office is at 4th Floor, 35 New Bridge Street, London EC4V 6BW (CORPORATE
      SERVICES PROVIDER).

WHEREAS

(A)   The Company has executed a Mortgages Trust Deed dated 26 March 2001 (as
      amended, varied or supplemented from time to time) between itself,
      Northern Rock plc as Seller and Beneficiary (SELLER) and Granite Finance
      Trustee Limited as Trustee (TRUSTEE) (MORTGAGES TRUST DEED), whereby the
      Trustee undertakes to hold the benefit of all the Trust Property (as
      defined in the Mortgages Trust Deed) from time to time transferred to it
      or acquired by it from Northern Rock plc upon trust for the Seller and the
      Company in accordance with the terms of the Mortgages Trust Deed.

(B)   In order to fund its Contributions from time to time to the Mortgages
      Trustee for the Funding Share of the Trust Property, the Company shall
      from time to time enter into Intercompany Loan Agreements.

(C)   The Company has requested the Corporate Services Provider to provide
      administrative and secretarial services to the Company upon the terms set
      out in this Agreement in order to carry out its obligations under the
      Transaction Documents. The Corporate Services Provider is willing to
      provide such services to the Company upon such terms.

NOW IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1.    INTERPRETATION

      1.1.  Terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
            meanings ascribed to them in the Articles of Association of the
            Company as in full force from time to time (hereinafter the ARTICLES
            OF ASSOCIATION).

      1.2.  Words importing the singular shall include the plural and the
            masculine gender shall include the feminine and the neuter and vice
            versa in each case and words importing persons shall include bodies
            of persons whether corporate or unincorporated.

      1.3.  The Master Definitions Schedule signed for the purposes of
            identification by Brown & Wood and Clifford Chance Limited Liability
            Partnership on 26 March 2001 (as the same may be amended, varied or
            supplemented from time to time with the consent of the parties
            hereto) is expressly and specifically incorporated into this
            Agreement and, accordingly, the expressions defined in


                                       1
<PAGE>


            the Master Definitions Schedule (as amended, varied or supplemented)
            shall, except where the context otherwise requires and save where
            otherwise defined herein, have the same meanings in this Agreement
            and in the Recitals hereto, and this Agreement shall be construed in
            accordance with the interpretation provisions set out in Clause 2
            (Interpretation and Construction) of that Master Definitions
            Schedule.

      1.4.  The headings in this Agreement do not affect its interpretation.

      1.5.  References to "clauses" (unless otherwise specified) are references
            to clauses of this Agreement.

      1.6.  References to any Agreement shall be construed as a reference to
            such Agreement as the same may be, or may from time to time have
            been amended, modified, supplemented or restated.

      1.7.  '(pound)' and 'sterling' denote lawful currency of the United
            Kingdom.

2.    ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES

      The Corporate Services Provider shall provide the following services (the
      SERVICES) in England and shall arrange for the Services (where indicated
      below) to be provided by its sister company, Mourant & Co. Limited in
      Jersey:

      2.1   a registered office in Jersey and administrative office in England
            for the Company;

      2.2   the services of two individuals who will accept the office as
            Directors of the Company;

      2.3   the services of a secretary to the Company to perform all the duties
            properly required of a secretary by the directors of the Company and
            the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (the LAW);

      2.4   the arrangement of meetings of directors and shareholders of the
            Company in England and the preparation of minutes of such meetings;

      2.5   the arrangement of annual meetings and any other meetings of the
            shareholders of the Company;

      2.6   the maintenance of the statutory books of the Company and any other
            books and records required by law or ordinarily required by a Jersey
            company and the preparation and issue of share certificates;

      2.7   the preparation and submission of annual returns of the Company and
            procuring that the Company pays the fee required to be paid to the
            Jersey authorities in connection therewith;

      2.8   the preparation and submission of any other documents required by
            law to be prepared or filed by the Company;


                                       2
<PAGE>


      2.9   the provision of book keeping services and preparation of the
            Company's accounts based upon the Finance Trustees Ledgers as
            maintained by the Cash Manager, the quarterly management accounts
            maintained by the Cash Manager and the records maintained by the
            Administrator;

      2.10  the instruction of the Company's auditors to prepare the annual
            audited financial statements;

      2.11  the safekeeping of the common seal of the Company and arranging for
            sealing of documents as authorised by the directors of the Company.

      2.12  obtaining exempt status for the Company under the provisions of the
            Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended and procuring that the
            Company pays the fee required to be paid to the Comptroller of
            Income Tax in order to obtain such status;

      2.13  the provision (if necessary) of nominees to hold the issued shares
            of the Company; and

      2.14  the execution of all such agreements, documents and undertakings as
            shall be necessary in connection with the Business of the Company if
            so authorised by valid resolution of the Board of Directors of the
            Company;

      2.15  the acceptance of service of process and any other documents or
            notices to be served on the Company.

3.    THE CORPORATE SERVICE PROVIDER'S DUTIES

      3.1   The Corporate Service Provider shall at all time (subject to Clause
            5 hereof) act in accordance with all reasonable and proper
            directions, orders and instructions given by the Board of Directors
            of the Company.

      3.2   The Corporate Service Provider shall not knowingly do or knowingly
            omit to do anything which would constitute a breach of any
            provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company or of any
            legally binding restrictions applying to the Company. This includes
            but is not limited to any legally binding restrictions applying to
            the Company as a consequence of its being a party to the Transaction
            Documents.

4.    TRANSACTION ACCOUNTS AND GIC ACCOUNTS

      4.1   The Company confirms that the Funding Bank Accounts have been, or,
            as the case may be, will be established and that mandates in
            accordance with the Bank Account Agreement and the relevant Funding
            (Issuer) Bank Account Agreement, as applicable, have been, or as the
            case may be, will delivered to the Account Bank immediately
            following the execution of this Agreement and that as at the date of
            this Agreement none of the Accounts are overdrawn.


                                       3
<PAGE>


      4.2   The Company will operate the Funding Bank Accounts and the Funding
            GIC Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Funding Transaction
            Documents, as applicable. The Corporate Services Provider shall
            (subject to clause 5 hereof) only give instructions on behalf of the
            Company to the Account Bank for the deposit, withdrawal or transfer
            of funds in accordance with information provided by the Cash Manager
            from time to time pursuant to the Cash Management Agreement.

      4.3   The Corporate Service Provider shall be entitled to rely upon the
            information provided by the Cash Manager and it shall be no part of
            its duties to make enquiry as to the accuracy or completeness of
            that information.

5.    ENFORCEMENT NOTICE

      5.1   The Company shall notify the Corporate Services Provider of the
            receipt of an Enforcement Notice.

      5.2   In the event that the Corporate Service Provider has received
            notification pursuant to Clause 5.1 hereof, the Corporate Services
            Provider shall act only in accordance with the directions of the
            Security Trustee.

6.    STATUTORY ACCOUNTS

      6.1   The Corporate Services Provider shall, subject to all applicable
            laws, provide all information and access to books and records as the
            Auditors may reasonably require for the purpose auditing the annual
            accounts of the Company;

      6.2   The Corporate Services Provider shall, in conjunction with the
            Auditors and subject to the provision of any necessary information
            by the Cash Manager, assist in the preparation of the profit and
            loss account, balance sheet and directors' report and any other
            report or information required by law to be attached to them or
            incorporated in them for the Company in respect of each accounting
            reference period. Subject to the approval of the Company, the
            Corporate Service Provider shall procure, so far as it is able to do
            so, that the Auditors shall make a report thereon as required by
            law;

      6.3   The Corporate Services Provider shall arrange for the Cash Manager
            and the Security Trustee to receive such copies of the audited
            accounts as shall be required by the Transaction Documents within
            120 days of the end of each accounting reference period. It shall
            also send copies of the audited accounts to such other parties as
            either the Cash Manager or the Security Trustee shall request;

      6.4   The Corporate Services Provider shall take all reasonable steps to
            procure that, within 120 days of the end of each accounting
            reference period, the Auditors provide to the Cash Manager for
            submission to the Financial Services Authority, the London Stock
            Exchange plc, the Jersey Registrar of Companies, S&P, Moody's and
            Fitch a copy of the Auditors' report.


                                       4
<PAGE>


7.    DATA PROTECTION AND CONSUMER CREDIT

      The Company confirms that it has applied for registration under the Data
      Protection Act 1998 and obtained a licence under the Consumer Credit Act
      1974 in the United Kingdom. The Corporate Services Provider will use its
      best endeavours to procure that the Company maintains such registrations
      and that the Company obtains and maintains all necessary registrations,
      licences and authorities required to enable the Company to perform its
      obligations under the Transaction Documents.

8.    DESIGNATED RESOURCES - DESIGNATED CSP STAFF

      8.1   The Corporate Service Provider shall procure that from the Initial
            Closing Date until the Final Redemption (the CSP STAFF PERIOD),
            three full time employees of its sister company Mourant & Co.
            Limited in Jersey (the DESIGNATED CSP STAFF, each employee being a
            DESIGNATED SCP STAFF MEMBER) are available on a non-exclusive and
            part time basis to the Company in Jersey.

      8.2   On the Initial Closing Date, the initial Designated CSP Staff
            Members are expected to be: Richard Gough; Shelagh Thornhill and
            Annette Cunningham. The Corporate Services Provider may designate an
            alternative individual or individuals to be a Designated CSP Staff
            Member, PROVIDED THAT if the Corporate Services Provider becomes
            aware of any notice of termination of the contract of employment
            given or received from a Designated CSP Staff Member, the Corporate
            Services Provider will promptly notify the Security Trustee and
            shall ensure that an alternative individual is designated as a
            replacement Designated CSP Staff Member AND PROVIDED THAT at all
            times the Designated CSP Staff are resident in Jersey.

      8.3   This Agreement is a contract for services and is not intended to
            constitute and nothing in this Agreement shall have the effect of
            constituting any relationship of employer and employee between the
            Company, (as employer), and the Designated CSP Staff Members (as
            employee). Notwithstanding the designation of the Designated CSP
            Staff as available on a non-exclusive basis to provide Services, the
            Designated CSP Staff will not, at any time, be under the control or
            management of the Company. None of the Designated CSP Staff will be
            employed by the Corporate Services Provider (or such other company
            as the Corporate Services Provider may designate for this purpose)
            exclusively to perform the Services.

      8.4   This Agreement is not intended to an nothing in this Agreement shall
            have the effect of constituting a Designated CSP Staff Member as
            agent of the Company. No Designated CSP Staff member shall have the
            authority or right to contract on behalf of the Company or to bind
            it in any way in relation to third parties, save as specifically
            authorised by the Company from time to time or, as applicable, where
            the Designated CSP Staff Member is acting solely in his capacity as
            a director of the Company and has been duly authorised in that


                                       5
<PAGE>


            regard by the board of directors of the Company. Nothing in this
            Agreement shall constitute a partnership or joint venture between
            the parties.

      8.5   For the avoidance of doubt, the Corporate Services Provider may at
            its discretion, and shall where necessary, use other persons in the
            performance of the Services where needed in supplement to, or
            substitution of the Designated CSP Staff PROVIDED THAT such persons
            are resident in Jersey.

9.    DESIGNATED RESOURCES - OFFICE SPACE

      9.1   The Corporate Services Provider agrees to arrange for its sister
            company Mourant & Co. Limited in Jersey to designate a specific area
            (the DESIGNATED OFFICE SPACE) within the premises of the Mourant &
            Co. Limited in Jersey as the office from which the Designated CSP
            Staff may perform the Services, and where the Corporate Services
            Provider may (but is not required to) store files, records and
            correspondence referred to in Clause 10 below.

      9.2   The Designated Office Space will not be used exclusively by Mourant
            & Co. Limited in Jersey to provide the Services.

      9.3   The Corporate Services Provider and Mourant & Co. Limited in Jersey
            may provide services to other companies managed and administered by
            the Corporate Services Provider and/or Mourant & Co. Limited from
            the Designated Office Space.

      9.4   Mourant & Co. Limited in Jersey will retain possession and control
            of the Designated office Space and the Company will not have
            possession or control of either;

            (a)   the Designated Office Space itself; or

            (b)   any means of access thereto or egress therefrom; or

            (c)   any plant or substance in the Designated Office Space; or

            (d)   any equipment or files in the Designated Office Space.

            For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall be taken
            as granting a lease, licence or other interest in the Designated
            Office Space which shall remain the property of Mourant & Co.
            Limited.

10.   DESIGNATED RESOURCES

      10.1  The Corporate Services Provider further agrees that it will arrange
            for its sister company Mourant & Co. Limited in Jersey to provide
            dedicated communication facilities to the Company, which facilities
            may include a separate telephone and telefax line and be (but shall
            not be required to be provided in the Designated office Space and
            which may be (but shall not be required to be) manned by the
            Designated CSP Staff.


                                       6
<PAGE>


      10.2  The Corporate Services Provider shall maintain files, records and
            correspondence relating to the Company and may do so, but shall not
            be required to do so, in the Designated Office Space.

11.   WARRANTIES AND UNDERTAKINGS OF THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER

      11.1  The Corporate Services Provider warrants to the Company:

            a)    it is duly registered as a company limited by shares under
                  English Law;

            b)    it has power under its Memorandum and Articles of Association,
                  and all necessary corporate authority has been obtained and
                  action taken for it to sign and deliver and perform the
                  transactions contemplated in this Agreement; and

            c)    the signing and deliver of this Agreement does or will not
                  contravene or constitute a default under, or cause to be
                  exceeded any limitation on it or the powers of its directors,
                  imposed by the contained in, (1) any law by which it or any of
                  its assets is bound or affected, (2) its Memorandum and
                  Articles of Association, or (3) any agreement to which it is a
                  party or by which any of its assets is bound.

      11.2  The Corporate Services Provider undertakes generally to provide or
            procure such human and other resources as is appropriate to perform
            all the Services described in this Agreement to the appropriate
            standard.

12.   NON - PETITION AND LIMITED RECOURSE

      12.1  The Corporate Services Provider agrees that it will no initiate or
            join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the
            Company so long as any sum is outstanding under any Intercompany
            Loan Agreement of any Issuer or for two years plus one day since the
            last day of which such sum was outstanding.

      12.2  In relation to Funding:

            (a)   only the Security Trustee may enforce the security created in
                  favour of the Security Trustee under the Funding Deed of
                  Charge in accordance with the provisions thereof;

            (b)   notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any
                  other Transaction Document, no sum owing to any part to this
                  Agreement from or by Funding under this Agreement shall be
                  payable by Funding (following enforcement of the Funding
                  Security) the Security Trustee has realised sufficient funds
                  from the Funding Security to pay such sum subject to and in
                  accordance with the relevant Funding Priority Payments and
                  provided that all liabilities of Funding required to be paid
                  in priority thereto or pari passu therewith pursuant to such
                  Funding


                                       7
<PAGE>


                  Priority of Payments have been paid, discharged and/or
                  otherwise provided for in full; and

            (c)   it shall not take any steps for the purpose of recovering any
                  amount payable by Funding or enforcing rights arising out of
                  this Agreement against Funding otherwise than in accordance
                  with the Funding Deed of Charge.

13.   ASSIGNMENT

      Except with the consent of the Security Trustee, the Corporate Services
      Provider may not assign or transfer or purport to assign or transfer a
      right or obligation under this Agreement.

14.   INFORMATION AND DATA REGARDING THE COMPANY

      14.1  The Corporate Services Provider hereby agrees that all information
            and data held by it in respect of the Company on any computer system
            of the Corporate Services Provider is the sole property of the
            Company.

      14.2  The Corporate Services Provider agrees that all such information and
            data and all other information relating to the service provided
            under this Agreement shall be kept safely and treated as
            confidential. It shall not be disclosed to any third party, except
            with the prior written consent of the Company or except as may be
            required by law or by any regulatory authority. The Corporate
            Services Provider agrees to use the same solely for the purposes of
            this Agreement. The Agreement constituted by the terms of the Clause
            14.2 shall continue even after the termination of this Agreement.

      14.3  After termination of this Agreement the Corporate Services Provider
            shall deliver up to the Company, within 2 working days of the
            Company's request therefor, all such information and data, or, at
            the request of the Company destroy the same.

15.   REMUNERATION

      15.1  The Company shall remunerate the Corporate Service Provider in
            accordance with the fees set out in the Schedule hereto for the
            supply of services to the Company pursuant to this Agreement.

      15.2  In addition to the scale of fees, the Corporate Services Provider,
            its officers, employees, and any person to whom it has delegated its
            duties hereunder shall be entitled to reimbursement of all out of
            pocket expenses reasonably incurred by them in the proper
            performance of such services hereunder.

16.   INDEMNITY

      16.1  The Company shall at all times keep the Corporate Services Provider,
            its directors, officer, employees, agents and nominees fully and
            effectively indemnified and saved harmless against all actions,
            proceedings, claims,


                                       8
<PAGE>


            demands, damages, costs and other liabilities whatsoever arising out
            of the performance of its or their duties under this Agreement save
            only liabilities arising as a consequence of negligence, bad faith,
            fraud or wilful misconduct on the part of such persons. This
            indemnity shall continue after the termination of the duties of the
            Corporate Services Provider under this Agreement and the benefit
            shall extend to all directors, officers, employees, agents and
            nominees of the Corporate Services Provider from time to time and to
            the successors in title of the Corporate Services Provider.

      16.2  The Corporate Services Provider shall at all times keep the Company,
            its directors, officers, employees, agents and nominees fully and
            effectively indemnified and saved harmless against all actions,
            proceedings, claims, demands, damages, costs and other liabilities
            whatsoever arising out of any breach by the Corporate Services
            Provider in its duties under this Agreement or arising as a
            consequence of negligence, bad faith, fraud or wilful misconduct on
            the part of the Corporate Services Provider. This indemnity shall
            continue after the termination of the duties of the Corporate
            Services Provider under this Agreement and the benefit shall extend
            to all directors, officers, employees, agents and nominees of the
            Company from time to time and to the successors in title of the
            Company.

17.   LIABILITY OF THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER

      17.1  The Corporate Services Provider shall not be liable for any loss to
            the Company arising in consequence of the failure, depreciation or
            loss of any investments (of the Company) made in accordance with
            instructions and guidelines given by the Board of Directors of the
            Company except by reason of fraud, wilful misconduct or negligence
            of the part of the Corporate Services Provider.

      17.2  Without prejudice to the generality of clause 17.1 of this Agreement
            the Corporate Services Provider shall not incur any liability
            whatsoever arising from:

            (a)   the negligence or fraud of any delegate or agent appointed or
                  employed with the consent, or on the instructions of, the
                  Board of Directors of the Company; or

            (b)   anything done or omitted in conformity with any advice given
                  or purporting to have been given by any agent appointed or
                  employed in connection with the affairs of the Company with
                  the consent of the Board of Directors of the Company.

18.   SCOPE OF OBLIGATIONS

      18.1  The Corporate Services Provider, its directors, officers, employees,
            agents and nominees shall not be obliged to act in any manner which
            may be contrary to law.


                                       9
<PAGE>


      18.2  The Corporate Services Provider shall not be required to take any
            legal action on behalf of the Company unless fully indemnified to
            its satisfaction.

      18.3  When deemed necessary for the proper performance of its
            administrative duties, the Corporate Services Provider may, on
            behalf of the Company seek legal, tax, financial, administrative or
            other advice as well as employ third parties to provide services.

      18.4  The Corporate Services Provider's obligations hereunder to procure
            that the Company make all payments required of it shall be subject
            to the availability of the Company's funds to do so and in no
            circumstances shall the Corporate Services Provider be required to
            make payments in connection with the Business of the Company out of
            its own funds.

19.   TERMINATION

      19.1  The appointment of the Corporate Services Provider hereunder shall
            terminate:

            (a)   upon the expiration of 90 days notice in writing given by the
                  Corporate Services Provider or by the Company and provided
                  that a substitute administrator acceptable to the Company and
                  (if applicable) the Financial Services Department of the
                  States of Jersey Finance & Economics Committee or the Jersey
                  Financial Services Commission (if require under any consent
                  granted pursuant to the control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order
                  1958 as amended) has been appointed on terms substantially the
                  same as those set out in the Agreement and that such
                  appointment will be effective not later than the date of the
                  termination.

            (b)   immediately if:

                  (i)   an order has been made or a resolution has been passed
                        to put the Corporate Services Provider into liquidation
                        (except a voluntary liquidation for the purpose of
                        reconstruction or amalgamation); or

                  (ii)  the Corporate Services Provider has broken or is in
                        breach of any of the Terms of this Agreement and shall
                        not have remedied such breach within 30 days after
                        services of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

                  (iii) the Corporate Services Provider is declared en desastre
                        or has committed any act or omission indicative of
                        insolvency; or

                  (iv)  the Corporate Services Provider ceases or threatens to
                        cease to carry on its business or a substantial part of
                        its business or stops payment or threatens to stop
                        payment of its debts.

      19.2  Termination of the appointment of the Corporate Services Provider
            under this Clause shall be without prejudice to the rights of any
            party in respect of any


                                       10
<PAGE>


            antecedent claim against or breach of the terms of this Agreement by
            the Corporate Services Provider.

20.   NOTICES

      Notices to be given hereunder shall be delivered by hand or mailed to the
      address of the relevant party set out herein and where mailed shall be
      deemed to be duly given on the third day after the day of mailing.

21.   NO RESTRICTIONS

      Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any
      director, officer or employee of the Corporate Services Provider or any
      director, officer, employee or partner of any of its subsidiaries or its
      affiliates to engage in any other business or to devote his time and
      attention to the management or other aspects of any other business,
      whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, nor to limit or restrict the
      right of the Corporate Services Provider or any of its subsidiaries or
      affiliates to engage in any other business or to render services of any
      kind of any other corporation, firm, individual or association.

22.   COUNTERPARTS

      The Agreement may be signed in several counterparts which, taken together,
      shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

23.   GOVERNING LAW

      This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws
      of Jersey.


                                       11
<PAGE>


IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed this day and year first above written.


SIGNED by                            )

For and on behalf of                 )

GRANITE FINANCE FUNDING LIMITED



SIGNED by                            )

for and on behalf of                 )

MOURANT & CO. CAPITAL (SPV)          )
LIMITED


                                       12
<PAGE>


                                    SCHEDULE

                 THE CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER'S REMUNERATION

The Corporate Services Provider's remuneration for the provision of the Services
during the period that it acts as Corporate Services Provider of the Company on
the terms of this Agreement will be subject to review on an annual basis from
the date of the Corporate Services Provider's appointment and initially will be
as follows:

SET-UP FEES

A one off set-up fee cost of (pound)2,000.

A one off set-up fee cost of (pound)1,000 per subsequent Issuer.

DIRECTORS FEES

A fixed annual fee of (pound)2,500 per annum.

MANAGEMENT FEES

A fixed annual management fee of (pound)2,000 per annum to include provision of
registered office, company secretary, maintenance of the Company's statutory
records, dealing with filing requirements, keeping the company in good standing
and maintaining its exempt company status.

ADMINISTRATION AND PREPARATION OF ACCOUNTS

Fees calculated on a time spent basis in respect of the day to day
administration of the Company's affairs and for the preparation of Financial
Statements and the provision of accounting data to the auditors of the Company.

OTHER COSTS

Out of pocket expenses/disbursements incurred in the course of administration
(including but not limited to the prescribed filing fee in relation to the
Company's annual return and the annual exempt company charge payable by the
Company pursuant to Article 123A of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law of 1961 (as
amended)).


                                       13
<PAGE>


                                    CONTENTS

CLAUSE                                                                   PAGE NO

1.  Interpretation ........................................................... 1

2.  Administrative Services .................................................. 2

3.  Corporate Service Provider's Duties ...................................... 3

4.  Transaction Accounts and GIC Accounts .................................... 3

5.  Enforcement Notice ....................................................... 4

6.  Statutory Accounts ....................................................... 4

7.  Data Protection and Consumer Credit ...................................... 5

8.  Designated Resources-Staff ............................................... 5

9.  Designated Resources-Office Space ........................................ 6

10. Designated Resources ..................................................... 6

11. Warranties and Undertakings .............................................. 7

12. Non-Petition and Limited Recourse ........................................ 7

13. Assignment ............................................................... 8

14. Information and Data ..................................................... 8

15. Remuneration ............................................................. 8

16. Indemnity ................................................................ 8

17. Liability and Corporate Services Provider ................................ 9

18. Scope of Obligations ..................................................... 9

19. Termination ..............................................................10

20. Notices ..................................................................11

21. No Restriction ...........................................................11

22. Counterparts .............................................................11

23. Governing Law ............................................................11

24. Schedule .................................................................13


                                       14

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
