<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<FILENAME>ex10-18_2.txt
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10.18.2
<TEXT>
                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.18.2


                               AMENDMENT #2 TO THE
                        EXCLUSIVE DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

         THIS  AMENDMENT (the  "AMENDMENT")  is entered into and effective as of
the 7th day of  March,  2005  (the  "AMENDMENT  DATE"),  by and  between  Macy's
Merchandising  Group,  LLC ("MMG"),  a Delaware  limited  liability  company and
successor   in  interest  to   Federated   Merchandising   Group   ("FMG"),   an
unincorporated  division  of  Federated  Department  Stores,  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation  ("FEDERATED"),  and Private Brands, Inc., a California  corporation
("PB").

         WHEREAS, FMG and PB entered into an Exclusive Distribution Agreement on
the 1st day of April,  2003,  and entered into an Amendment #1 to the  Exclusive
Distribution  Agreement  on  the  22nd  day  of  June,  2004  (as  amended,  the
"DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT");

         WHEREAS,  effective as of December 31, 2004, Federated assigned to MMG,
all of FMG's tangible and intangible assets relating to its domestic operations,
including the Distribution Agreement; and

         WHEREAS,  MMG and PB desire to amend certain terms of the  Distribution
Agreement as hereinafter provided.

         NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions
set forth herein,  the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby  acknowledged
by each party, MMG and PG agree to amend the Distribution Agreement as follows:

         1.       All  capitalized  terms  not  defined  herein  shall  have the
meaning  given to them in the  Distribution  Agreement.  All  references  in the
Distribution Agreement to FMG shall, effective from and after December 31, 2004,
refer to MMG as successor in interest.

         2.       Section 1.1 of the Distribution Agreement is hereby amended to
add the following definition:

                  o        "NET SALES" means (A) for Ordered Merchandise ordered
                           by  MMG,   (i)  the  gross  sales  price  of  Ordered
                           Merchandise actually charged by MMG to the Authorized
                           Seller  that  takes  the  Ordered   Merchandise  into
                           inventory for sale by such  Authorized  Seller in its
                           retail stores, PLUS (ii) internal load, insurance and
                           freight  for such  Ordered  Merchandise,  and (B) for
                           Ordered Merchandise ordered directly by an Authorized
                           Seller,  the purchase price payable by the Authorized
                           Seller to PB for such Ordered Merchandise.

         3.       Section 5.1 of the  Distribution  Agreement is hereby  amended
and restated as of the Amendment Date to read in its entirety as follows:

"5.1     ANNUAL  MINIMUM  PURCHASES.  In order to preserve its rights under this
         Agreement,  including its rights to exclusivity as set forth in Section
         2.2 and its right of first  refusal  as set forth in Section  2.3,  MMG
         shall order,  during each Contract Year of the Term,


<PAGE>


         Merchandise  with the  minimum  Net Sales  amount set forth  below (the
         "ANNUAL MINIMUM PURCHASE REQUIREMENTS"):

                                                                       CONTRACT
 CONTRACT      CONTRACT      CONTRACT       CONTRACT     CONTRACT      YEARS 6
  YEAR 1        YEAR 2        YEAR 3         YEAR 4       YEAR 5      THROUGH 10
-----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------  -----------

$25 million   $25 million   $40 million   $50 million   $65 million  $75 million

         The Annual Minimum Purchase  Requirements for each Contract Year of the
         first Renewal Term shall be equal to the average of the total Net Sales
         amounts  of  Ordered  Merchandise  during  each of  Contract  Years six
         through ten of the Initial  Term,  provided  that in no event shall the
         amount  used in any  Contract  Year to  calculate  the  Annual  Minimum
         Purchase  Requirements  for the  first  Renewal  Term be less  than $75
         million. Furthermore, the Annual Minimum Purchase Requirements for each
         Contract  Year of the first  Renewal Term shall not exceed $90 million.
         Similarly, the Annual Minimum Purchase Requirements for each successive
         Renewal  Term  shall be equal to the  average  of the  total  Net Sales
         amounts of Ordered  Merchandise paid for by MMG during each of Contract
         Years six through ten of the previous Renewal Term, provided that in no
         event  shall the amount  used in any  Contract  Year to  calculate  the
         Annual Minimum Purchase Requirements for the successive Renewal Term be
         less  than  $75  million.  Furthermore,  the  Annual  Minimum  Purchase
         Requirements  for each Contract  Year of the second  Renewal Term shall
         not exceed 120% of the amount for the last Renewal Term.

         Any order placed by MMG and cancelled  prior to the  cancellation  date
         specified  in the  applicable  purchase  order shall  reduce the amount
         ordered by MMG for the period  during  which the order was  placed.  No
         such  reduction  will be  effected  if MMG  cancels an order  after the
         specified cancellation date.

         4.       Section 5.3 of the  Distribution  Agreement is hereby  amended
and restated as of the Amendment Date to read in its entirety as follows:

         "5.3     PURCHASE   REQUIREMENT   FOR   FIRST   SIX   CONTRACT   YEARS.
                  Notwithstanding SECTIONS 2.9, 5.1 and 5.2 to the contrary, MMG
                  hereby  agrees  to  purchase  the  Annual   Minimum   Purchase
                  Requirements for Contract Years 1 through 7, and to the extent
                  that  MMG  fails  to  purchase  the  Annual  Minimum  Purchase
                  Requirements  for any such Contract  Year,  MMG shall,  in the
                  immediately  following  Contract Year, either (i) purchase the
                  shortfall  amount  pursuant to SECTION  5.2(A) or, (ii) pay PB
                  the amount specified pursuant to SECTION 5.2(B).

         5.       Concurrently   with  the   execution   and  delivery  of  this
Amendment,  PB and MMG have  entered  into the  Trademark  Sublicense  Agreement
attached hereto as EXHIBIT A.

         6.       It is  expressly  agreed  that  the  Annual  Minimum  Purchase
Requirement  for a given Contract Year shall be reduced by the aggregate  amount
of "Net Sales" (as defined in the Trademark License  Agreement) in such Contract
Year with respect to which PB is paid a "Percentage  Royalty" (as defined in the
Trademark License  Agreement) under the Trademark License  Agreement;  PROVIDED,
HOWEVER, that in no event shall "Net Sales" (as defined in the


                                       2
<PAGE>


Trademark  License  Agreement) of Licensed Products (as defined in the Trademark
License  Agreement)  sourced by a party  other than PB or any of its  Affiliates
reduce the Annual Minimum Purchase Requirement by more than 25% in Contract Year
3 or by more than 15% in each Contract Year thereafter.  For example,  if during
Contract  Year 3, MMG pays PB a  Percentage  Royalty with respect to "Net Sales"
(as  defined  in the  Trademark  License  Agreement)  of $10  million  under the
Trademark License  Agreement,  then the Annual Minimum Purchase  Requirement for
Contract  Year 3 under  the  Distribution  Agreement  shall  be  reduced  to $30
million.

         7.       EXHIBIT C of the  Distribution  Agreement is hereby amended to
include the following  additional  authorized  sellers as  "Authorized  Sellers"
thereunder:

                  o        Macy's Florida Inc., Macy's Florida LLC
                  o        Macy's Central Inc., Macy's Central LLC
                  o        Macy's Northwest, Inc.
                  o        and any other department stores operated by Federated
                           or any of its Affiliates.

         8.       During the Term,  each of PB and MMG shall deposit into a fund
(the "MARKETING FUND") managed by MMG for each Contract Year, an amount equal to
two percent (2%) of the greater of (i) the Annual Minimum  Purchase  Requirement
for the applicable Contract Year, and (ii) the FOB (source of shipment) price of
all  Merchandise  actually  purchased by MMG under the  Distribution  Agreement,
including  purchases  made  pursuant to Exhibit A of this  Amendment.  MMG shall
receive the Marketing Fund payments and otherwise manage the Marketing Fund, and
shall use the  Marketing  Fund to advertise and promote the  Merchandise  and to
compensate one or more merchandising coordinators for the Merchandise;  PROVIDED
that at least  twenty-five  percent (25%) of the Marketing Fund shall be used to
compensate one or more  merchandising  coordinators for the Merchandise.  PB and
MMG shall pay into the Marketing Fund on a quarterly  basis,  within thirty (30)
days following the end of each Contract  Quarter,  based on the actual amount of
Merchandise purchases made during that Contract Quarter,  except with respect to
the  Contract  Quarter  ending  January 31, where PB and MMG shall pay an amount
equal to their  respective  amount of total  Marketing Fund payments due for the
full Contract Year less the aggregate  amount of Marketing Fund payments made by
such party for the immediately preceding three Calendar Quarters.

         9.       Within 45 days following the end of each Contract Quarter, MMG
shall  provide to PB, a written  statement on a form approved for use by PB from
time to time, reciting, with respect to all items of Ordered Merchandise ordered
during the  Contract  Quarter,  a  computation  of the Net Sales amount for such
Ordered  Merchandise,  and  such  other  information  with  respect  thereto  as
reasonably  requested by PB. PB shall have the right, upon at least fifteen (15)
days  written  notice and no more than once during any twelve month  period,  to
inspect  MMG's  books and records and all other  documents  and  material in the
possession of or under the control of MMG or any of its Affiliates  with respect
to the Ordered  Merchandise  and the  calculations  of Net Sales at the place or
places where such records are normally retained by MMG or any of its Affiliates.
MMG shall  maintain  all books and  records  relative to its  obligations  under
hereunder and keep them  accessible  and available to PB for  inspection  for at
least three (3) years after termination of this Agreement.


                                       3
<PAGE>


         10.      PBI  acknowledges  that pursuant to a  Contribution  Agreement
dated as of December 31, 2004,  all the  tangible and  intangible  assets of FMG
relating to its  domestic  operations  were  contributed  by Federated to MMG, a
wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Federated.  MMG agrees to observe,  perform,
pay, and otherwise  discharge when due all of FMG's  obligations and liabilities
arising under or with respect to the Distribution Agreement. PBI hereby consents
to the transfer and assignment of the Distribution Agreement to MMG and ratifies
the transfer resulting from the Contribution  Agreement effective as of December
31, 2004.

         11.      Except as  expressly  set forth  herein,  all of the terms and
conditions of the Distribution  Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
All references in the Distribution  Agreement to "Agreement" shall mean and be a
reference to such  document as and to the extent it is amended and  supplemented
by this  Amendment,  including  all  exhibits,  schedules  and other  agreements
entered into and/or delivered in connection with this Amendment.

         12.      This Amendment may be executed in any number of  counterparts,
each of which is an original  and all of which  taken  together  constitute  one
instrument.  Any  Party  may  execute  this  Amendment  by  executing  any  such
counterpart. This Amendment will be governed by and construed in accordance with
the  laws of the  State of New  York  without  regard  to its  conflict  of laws
principles.

         IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties  hereto have executed this  Exclusive
Distribution  Agreement  or caused the same to be executed by a duly  authorized
person as of the date set forth above.

MACY'S MERCHANDISING GROUP, LLC,            PRIVATE BRANDS, INC.,
a Delaware limited liability company        a California corporation

By:      /S/ HARRY FRANKEL                  By:      /S/ BARRY AVED
         -------------------------------             ---------------------------
Name:    HARRY FRANKEL                      Name:    BARRY AVED
         -------------------------------             ---------------------------
Title:   SVP - CFO                          Title:   PRESIDENT & CEO
         -------------------------------             ---------------------------


                                       4
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
