<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<FILENAME>doc3.txt
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED, RESTATED CONSULTING AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                                    EXHIBIT 10.1
                    AMENDED AND RESTATED CONSULTING AGREEMENT

     This  Amended  and  Restated Consulting Agreement ("Agreement") is made and
entered  into  this  16th day of  April, 2004  (the  "Effective  Date")  by  and
between  Robert  Genovese  (the  "Consultant") and  Spectrum Sciences & Software
Holdings  Corp.  (the  "Company").

     WHEREAS,  the  Company  and  Consulting entered into a Consulting Agreement
dated  March  11,  2004  (the Initial Agreement"), pursuant to which the Company
engaged  Consultant to perform certain corporate planning, business development,
and  financial  strategy  services  for  the  Company.

     WHEREAS,  certain provisions of the Initial Agreement have been modified by
agreement  among  the  parties;  and

     WHEREAS, the parties hereto wish to amend and restate the Initial Agreement
to  reflect  the  changes  agreed  to  by  the  parties.

     NOW  IN  CONSIDERATION  OF  THE  MUTUAL  PROMISES  AND  UNDERTAKING  HEREIN
CONTAINED  AND  FOR  OTHER  GOOD  AND  VALUABLE  CONSIDERATION,  THE RECEIPT AND
SUFFICIENCY  OF  WHICH  IS  HEREBY  ACKNOWLEDGED  THE  PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

     1.     ENGAGEMENT OF CONSULTANT:  The Company hereby engages Consultant and
Consultant  hereby  agrees  to hold itself available to render, and to render at
the  request of the Company, independent advisory consulting services concerning
the  following:

     a)     develop  an  in-depth  familiarization  with  the Company's business
objectives  and  bring  to its attention potential or actual opportunities which
meet  those  objectives  or  logical  extensions  thereof;

     b)     alert  the  Company  to  new  or  emerging  high  potential forms of
production  and  distribution  which  could  either  be  acquired  or  developed
internally;

     c)     comment  on  the  Company's  corporate  development  including  such
factors  as  position  in  competitive  environment,  financial performances vs.
competition,  strategies,  operational  viability,  etc.;

     d)     identify  respective  suitable  merger or acquisition candidates for
the Company, perform  appropriate diligence investigations with respect thereto,
advise the Company with respect to the desirability of pursuing such candidates,
and  assist  the  Company  in  any  negotiations  which may ensue therefrom; and

     e)     other  such  planning and development services, all as requested and
instructed  by  the  Company.

     The  services  to be rendered by Consultant to the Company shall under
NO  circumstances  include  the  following:

     a)     any  activities  which  could  be  deemed by the Securities and
Exchange  Commission  to  constitute  investment  banking  or  any  other
activities  required by Consultant to be registered as a broker-dealer under the
Securities  Act  of  1934.

     b)     services  in  connection  with  the offer or sale of securities in a
capital-raising  transaction;

     c)     services  that  directly  or indirectly promote or maintain a market
for the securities of the Company including without limitation the dissemination
of  information that reasonably may be expected to sustain or raise or otherwise
influence  the  price  of  the  securities;

     d)     services providing investor relations or shareholder communications;

     e)     consultation  in  connection  with  financing that involves any
issuance  of  the  Company's  securities,  whether  equity  or  debt.


<PAGE>

     2.     TERM:  The  term  of  this  agreement ("Term") shall begin as of the
Effective  Date  and  shall  terminate  two  (2)  years thereafter ("Anniversary
Date").  Consultant  shall  perform  the  full  term hereof, provided and to the
extent  he  is  compensated  as  provided  herein and requested by Company to so
perform.

     3.     COMPENSATION:  In  consideration  of the services to be provided for
the  Company  by  Consultant  the Company agrees to compensate the Consultant as
follows:

     a)     Pursuant  to the Initial Agreement, the Company issued to Consultant
an  option  (the  "Option") to purchase 9,000,000 shares of the Company's common
stock  at  an  exercise price of the lesser of $1.65 or the fair market value of
the  shares  at  the  time  of  exercise.

     b)     As  soon  as  practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the
Company  agrees  to  issue  to  Consultant  an option (the "Option") to purchase
9,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price equal to the
greater  of  $1.95, or sixty percent (60%) of the closing price of the Company's
common  stock  on  the day immediately preceding Consultant's notice to exercise
(the  "Option  Shares").

     c)     Additional  Compensation.

          (1)  As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, and
     in  consideration  for  (i)  procuring  the  letter  of  intent with Inland
     Fabricators,  LLC  ("Inland"),  (ii)  further  due  diligence  assistance
     respecting Inland, and (iii) assisting the Company in negotiating the terms
     and the closing of the definitive agreement between the Company and Inland,
     the  Company  agrees  to  issue  to  Consultant an option (the "Option") to
     purchase  an  5,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise
     price  of the lesser of $1.65 or the fair market value of the shares at the
     time  of  exercise.

          (2)  If,  during  the  terms of this Agreement, the Consultant submits
     suitable  merger  or  acquisition  candidates which, in the aggregate, have
     revenues  equal  to  or exceeding $100,000,000 dollars, the Company may, in
     its  discretion,  further  compensate  Consultant.

     d)     The  Option  Shares  shall  vest immediately upon issuance, and all
shall  have  "piggyback"  or  S-8  registration  rights.

     e)     The  exercise  rights  of  Consultant  shall  be  limited such that,
unless  Consultant  gives  written  notice  75 days in advance to the Company of
Consultant's intention to exceed the Limitation on Conversion as defined herein,
with  respect  to  all or a specified amount of the Option and the corresponding
number  of  the  underlying shares, in no instance shall Consultant (singularly,
together  with  any Persons who in the determination of the Consultant, together
with the Consultant, constitute a group as defined in Rule 13d-5 of the Exchange
Act) be entitled to exercise the Option to the extent such exercise would result
in Consultant beneficially owning more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding
shares  of common stock of the Company. For these purposes, beneficial ownership
shall be defined and calculated in accordance with Rule 13d-3, promulgated under
the  Exchange  Act (the foregoing being herein referred to as the "Limitation on
                                                                   -------------
Conversion").
----------

     f)     If  pursuant  to  1(d)  above,  Consultant  introduces  a  merger or
a  combination of sorts with another entity to the Company, the Consultant shall
be  entitled  to  a  finder's fee, and the Company shall enter into an agreement
with  the  Consultant  respecting  same.

     4.     INDEPENDENT  CONTRACTOR:  It  is expressly agreed that Consultant is
acting  as  an  independent  contractor  in  performing  its services hereunder.
Company  shall  carry  no  workmen's  compensation  insurance  or  any health or
accident  insurance  to  cover  Consultant.  The  Company  shall  not  pay  any
contributions  to  social  security,  unemployment  insurance,  Federal or State
withholding  taxes  nor  pay any other contributions or benefits, which might be
expected  in  an  employer-employee  relationship.

     5.     ASSIGNMENT:  This  Agreement  and  the rights and obligations of the
parties  hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon their
successors  and  assigns  but  cannot  be  assigned  by Consultant without prior
written  consent  of  Company.


<PAGE>

     6.     EXCLUSIVITY:  In  order  to  ensure  best  efforts  on behalf of the
Company,  Consultant  agrees  that  during  the  period  of  your  engagement,
Consultant,  nor  any  person  or  entity acting on Consultant's behalf or which
Consultant  is  are a shareholder, partner, interested person, or employee, will
directly or indirectly engage in any consulting arrangements, whether written or
otherwise,  with  any  company,  unless,  prior  to  such engagement, Consultant
obtains  written  consent  from  the  Company.

     7.     GENERAL  PROVISIONS:

     a)     The  Consultant  hereby  agrees, warrants and covenants that it will
provide to the Company copies of all works product for review, use and retention
as  Company  sees  fit. Consultant further agrees, warrants and covenants not to
utilize  or  disclose  any  during the term hereof and for 12 months thereafter.

     b)     The Consultant agrees to provide full and accurate disclosure of any
and all equity compensation, which Consultant has received or will receive under
this  agreement,  whereas  required  under  the  Securities  Act of 1933 and the
Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934.

     c)     Governing  Law and Jurisdiction: This agreement shall be governed by
and  interpreted  in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware.  Each of
the  parties  hereto  consents  to such jurisdiction for the enforcement of this
agreement  and  matters  pertaining  the transaction and activities contemplated
hereby.

     d)     Attorney's Fees:  In the event a dispute arises with respect to this
agreement, the party prevailing in such dispute shall be entitled to recover all
expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees and expenses
incurred  in  ascertaining  such  parties' rights, in preparing to enforce or in
enforcing  such  parties'  right  under  this  agreement,  whether or not it was
necessary  for  such  party  to  institute  suit.

     e)     Complete  Agreement:  This  Agreement  supercedes any and all of the
other  agreements,  either  oral  or  in  writing,  between  the  parties  with
respect  to  such  subject matter  in  any  manner  whatsoever.  Each  party  to
this  agreement  acknowledges  that  no   representations,   inducements,
promises  or  agreements,  oral  or  otherwise,  have been made by any party, or
anyone  herein,  and that no other agreement, statement or promise not contained
in  this  Agreement  may be changed or amended  only by an  amendment in writing
signed  by  all  parties  or  their  respective  successors-in-interest.

     f)     Binding:  This  Agreement  shall  be  binding  upon and inure to the
benefit  of the successor-in-interest, assignees and personal representatives of
the  respective  parties.

     g)     Unenforceable  Terms:  Any  provision  hereof  prohibited  by law or
unenforceable  under  the  law  of  any  jurisdiction in which such provision is
applicable  shall  adhere  to  such  jurisdiction only to be ineffective without
affecting  any other provision of this Agreement.  To the full extent,  however,
that  such  applicable  law  may  be  waived  to the end that this  Agreement be
deemed  to  be a valid and binding agreement  enforceable in accordance with its
terms,  the  Parties  hereto  hereby  waive  such  applicable  law knowingly and
understanding  the  effect  of  such  waiver.

     h)     Execution  Assurances:  This  Agreement  may be  executed in several
counterparts  and when so executed  shall  constitute  one agreement  binding on
all  the parties, notwithstanding  that all the Parties are not signatory to the
original  and  same  counterpart.

     i)     Further Assurances:  From time to time each party will  execute  and
deliver  such  further  instruments  and  will  take  such  other  action as any
other  party may reasonably   request  in  order  to  this  charge  and  perform
their  obligations  and  agreement   hereunder  and  to  give  effect  to  the
intentions  expressed  in  this  agreement.

     j)     Miscellaneous  Provisions:  The  various  heading  and  numbers
herein  and the grouping of provisions of this agreement in to separate articles
and paragraphs are for the purpose of convenience only and shall be considered a
party  hereof. The language in all parts of this agreement shall in all cases by
construed  in accordance with its fair meanings as if prepared by all parties to
the  agreement  and  not  strictly  for  or  against  any  of  the  parties.


                            [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


<PAGE>

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the parties hereto have executed this agreement as of the
day  and  year  first  written  above.


SPECTRUM  SCIENCES  &
SOFTWARE  HOLDINGS  CORP.


By:  /s/ William  H.  Ham,  Jr.             /s/ Robert  Genovese
     ----------------------------------     ----------------------------------
     Name:  William  H.  Ham,  Jr.          Robert  Genovese
     Title:  Executive  Vice  President


<PAGE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
