<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<FILENAME>f102.txt
<TEXT>
                                                Exhibit 10.2
                                                CONFORMED COPY








            AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

                   Dated as of October 4, 2001

                             Between

                 BUCKEYE PIPE LINE COMPANY, L.P.

                               and

                    BUCKEYE PIPE LINE COMPANY


                        TABLE OF CONTENTS


Article I   Appointment of the Manager                     1

Article II  Power and Duties of the Manager
  2.01         Powers of the Manager                       1
  2.02         Duties of the Manager                       2
  2.03         Outside Activities                          3

Article III Liability of the Manager; Indemnification      4
  3.01         Liability of the Manager                    4
  3.02         Indemnification                             4

Article IV  Reimbursement                                  5

Article V   No Interest Conveyed to the Manager            5

Article VI  Termination; Successor Manager                 5
  6.01         Termination                                 5
  6.02         Successor Manager                           6

Article VII Reports, Records and Access                    6

Article VIII   General Provisions                          6
  8.01         Reliance by Third Parties                   6
  8.02         Address and Notices                         6
  8.03         Headings                                    6
  8.04         Binding Effect                              6
  8.05         Integration                                 6
  8.06         Waiver                                      6
  8.07         Counterparts                                7
  8.08         Accounting Principles                       7
  8.09         Severability                                7
  8.10         Applicable Law                              7










                               (i)
            AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT

       THIS  AMENDED  AND  RESTATED  MANAGEMENT  AGREEMENT  (this
"Agreement"),  dated  as  of October 4,  2001,  is  entered  into
between  BUCKEYE  PIPE  LINE COMPANY, L.P.,  a  Delaware  limited
partnership (the "Partnership"), and BUCKEYE PIPE LINE COMPANY, a
Delaware corporation (the "Manager").

                           WITNESSETH:

      WHEREAS, the Partnership was formed to engage in any lawful
activity  for  which limited partnerships may be organized  under
the laws of the State of Delaware; and

      WHEREAS,  the Partnership wishes to appoint the Manager  to
manage,  operate, direct and exercise full and exclusive  control
over the business and affairs of the Partnership, and the Manager
wishes  to accept such appointment, in accordance with the  terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth.

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally
bound hereby, agree as follows:

                            ARTICLE I
                   Appointment of the Manager

       The  Partnership  hereby  appoints  the  Manager  as   the
Partnership's  managing  agent,  and  the  Manager  accepts   its
appointment  by the Partnership, to manage, operate,  direct  and
exercise full and exclusive control over the business and affairs
of  the Partnership, subject to the restrictions contained in the
Partnership Agreement (hereinafter defined).

                           ARTICLE II
                Powers and Duties of the Manager

      2.01    Powers of the Manager.  Subject to such limitations
as  may  be  imposed by law, this Agreement or the  Agreement  of
Limited Partnership, dated as of March 25, 1998 (as amended  from
time  to  time, the "Partnership Agreement"), between the Manager
and  Buckeye  Partners,  L.P.,  a  Delaware  limited  partnership
("Buckeye  Partners"),  the  Manager  is  hereby  authorized  and
empowered, in the name of and on behalf of the Partnership, to do
and   perform  any  and  all  acts  and  things  which  it  deems
appropriate  or  necessary in the conduct  of  the  business  and
affairs  of  the Partnership, including, without limitation,  the
following:

            (a)  to lend or borrow money, to assume, guarantee or
otherwise  become  liable for indebtedness and other  liabilities
and to issue evidences of indebtedness;

             (b)   to  buy,  lease (as lessor or  lessee),  sell,
mortgage, encumber or otherwise acquire or dispose of any or  all
of the assets of the Partnership;

             (c)   to  own,  use  and invest the  assets  of  the
Partnership;
             (d)   to  purchase  or sell products,  services  and
supplies;

             (e)  to make tax, regulatory and other filings with,
and  to  render  periodic  and  other  reports  to,  governmental
agencies  or  bodies  having  jurisdiction  over  the  assets  or
business of the Partnership;

            (f)  to open, maintain and close bank accounts and to
draw checks and other orders for the payment of money;

            (g)  to negotiate, execute and perform any contracts,
conveyances or other instruments;

             (h)  to make allocations of income and deductions of
the  Partnership  and make distributions in accordance  with  the
Partnership Agreement;

              (i)   to  utilize  the  services  of  officers  and
employees  of the Manager or of any other entities and to  select
and   dismiss   employees   (if  any)  and   outside   attorneys,
accountants, consultants and contractors;

             (j)   to maintain insurance for the benefit  of  the
Partnership and its partners;

             (k)   to form, participate in or contribute or  loan
cash  or  property  to  limited or general partnerships,  limited
liability companies, corporations, other entities, joint ventures
or similar arrangements;

             (l)  to expand the business activities in which  the
Partnership  is engaged or engage in new business  activities  by
acquisition or internal development; and

             (m)   to conduct litigation and incur legal expenses
and otherwise deal with or settle claims or disputes;

in  each case at such times and upon such terms and conditions as
the  Manager  deems appropriate or necessary and subject  to  any
express   restrictions  on  such  powers  as  provided   in   the
Partnership  Agreement.  The parties hereto acknowledge  that  so
long  as  the  Manager is the general partner of the  Partnership
under  the  Partnership  Agreement (the "General  Partner"),  the
Manager  shall have and be entitled to exercise all of  the  same
hereunder as the General Partner is entitled to have and entitled
to exercise under the Partnership Agreement.

      2.02   Duties of the Manager.  The Manager shall manage the
business  and affairs of the Partnership in the manner which  the
Manager  deems  appropriate or necessary.  Without  limiting  the
generality  of the foregoing, the Manager's duties shall  include
the following:

             (a)  to take possession of the assets and properties
of the Partnership;

             (b)   to  staff  and  operate the  business  of  the
Partnership with the officers and employees of the Manager or  of
other entities;

             (c)   to render or cause to be rendered engineering,
environmental and other technical services and perform  or  cause
to  be  performed  financial, accounting,  logistical  and  other
administrative functions for the Partnership;

             (d)   to  render such reports and make such periodic
and  other  filings as may be required under applicable  federal,
state and local laws, rules and regulations;

             (e)   to provide or cause to be provided purchasing,
procurement, repair and other services for the Partnership;

             (f)   to prepare, on an annual and quarterly  basis,
financial  statements of the Partnership, which, in the  case  of
annual  financial  statements,  shall  have  been  audited  by  a
nationally  recognized  firm  of  independent  certified   public
accountants  selected  by the Manager,  and  to  furnish  to  the
Partnership  such  other information and reports  concerning  the
conduct  of  the business and affairs of the Partnership  as  the
Partnership shall reasonably require;

             (g)  to deposit all funds of the Partnership in such
account or accounts as shall be designated by the Manager  (which
funds shall not be commingled with the funds of the Manager);

             (h)  to maintain records of the assets owned by  the
Partnership  and  books of account and to make such  records  and
books  of account available for inspection by the Partnership  or
its duly authorized representatives during regular business hours
at the principal office of the Manager;

             (i)  to prepare and distribute in a timely manner to
all  partners  of  the  Partnership  tax  information  reasonably
required  for  federal,  state and  local  income  tax  reporting
purposes;

            (j)  to cause to be filed such certificates and to do
such other acts as may be required by law to qualify and maintain
the   Partnership  as  a  limited  partnership  in  all  relevant
jurisdictions; and

             (k)   to  conduct the business and  affairs  of  the
Partnership in accordance with the Partnership Agreement and  all
applicable laws, rules and regulations;

in each case in such a manner as the Manager deems appropriate or
necessary.

      2.03   Outside Activities.  Subject to such limitations  as
may   be  imposed  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Partnership
Agreement, the Manager shall be entitled to and may have business
interests and engage in business activities in addition to  those
relating  to the business of the Partnership, including  business
interests   and  activities  in  direct  competition   with   the
Partnership, for its own account and for the account  of  others,
without  having or incurring any obligation to offer any interest
in such businesses or activities to the Partnership or any of its
partners.  Neither the Partnership nor any of its partners  shall
have  any  rights by virtue of this Agreement or the relationship
created hereby in any such business interests.

                           ARTICLE III
            Liability of the Manager; Indemnification

      3.01    Liability of the Manager.  Notwithstanding anything
to  the  contrary  in this Agreement, and except  to  the  extent
required by applicable law, neither the Manager, any affiliate of
the  Manager,  any  person  who is or was  a  director,  officer,
employee  or  agent of the Manager or any such affiliate  or  any
person who is or was serving at the request of the Manager or any
such affiliate as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee
or   agent   of   another  person  (each  an   "Indemnitee"   and
collectively,   the  "Indemnitees")  shall  be  liable   to   the
Partnership  or  any  of its partners for  any  action  taken  or
omitted  to  be  taken  by such Indemnitee,  provided  that  such
Indemnitee  acted in good faith and such action or omission  does
not  involve the gross negligence or willful misconduct  of  such
Indemnitee.  The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by
judgment,  order, settlement, conviction or upon a plea  of  nolo
contendere,  or  its equivalent, shall not, of itself,  create  a
presumption  that  an action or omission involves  bad  faith  or
willful misconduct.

     3.02   Indemnification.

             (a)   The  Partnership shall, to the fullest  extent
permitted  by  applicable law, indemnify each Indemnitee  against
expenses  (including legal fees and expenses),  judgments,  fines
and  amounts paid in settlement, actually and reasonably incurred
by such Indemnitee, in connection with any threatened, pending or
completed claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding to which such
Indemnitee was or is a party or is threatened to be made a  party
by  reason of the Indemnitee's status as (x) a general partner or
affiliate  thereof or (y) a director, officer, partner, employee,
or  agent of the Manager or an affiliate or (z) a person  serving
at  the  request of the Manager in another entity  in  a  similar
capacity  and  which relates to this Agreement or  the  property,
business, affairs or management of the Partnership (provided  the
Indemnitee acted in good faith and the act or omission  which  is
the  basis of such demand, claim, action, suit or proceeding does
not  involve the gross negligence or willful misconduct  of  such
Indemnitee).

             (b)   Expenses  (including legal fees and  expenses)
incurred  in defending any proceeding subject to Section  3.02(a)
shall  be  paid  by  the  Partnership in  advance  of  the  final
disposition  of  such proceeding upon receipt of  an  undertaking
(which need not be secured) by or on behalf of the Indemnitee  to
repay  such  amount if it shall ultimately be  determined,  by  a
court  of  competent  jurisdiction, that the  Indemnitee  is  not
entitled  to  be  indemnified by the  Partnership  as  authorized
hereunder.

             (c)  The indemnification provided by Section 3.02(a)
shall  be  in addition to any other rights to which an Indemnitee
may  be  entitled and shall continue as to an Indemnitee who  has
ceased  to  serve  in  a  capacity for which  the  Indemnitee  is
entitled to indemnification and shall inure to the benefit of the
heirs,   successors,   assigns,   administrators   and   personal
representatives of the Indemnitee.
             (d)   To  the  extent commercially  reasonable,  the
Partnership  shall purchase and maintain insurance on  behalf  of
the  Indemnitees  against any liability  which  may  be  asserted
against  or expense which may be incurred by such Indemnitees  in
connection with the Partnership's activities, whether or not  the
Partnership  would have the power to indemnify  such  Indemnitees
against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement.

               (e)    An   Indemnitee   shall   not   be   denied
indemnification in whole or in part under Section 3.02(a) because
the Indemnitee had an interest in the transaction with respect to
which   the  indemnification  applies  if  the  transaction   was
otherwise  permitted  by  the terms of  this  Agreement  and  the
Partnership Agreement.

             (f)  The provisions of this Article III are for  the
benefit  of  the Indemnitees and the heirs, successors,  assigns,
administrators  and personal representatives of  the  Indemnitees
and  shall not be deemed to create any rights for the benefit  of
any other persons.

             (g)  As used in this Agreement, the term "affiliate"
means, with respect to any person, any other person that directly
or  indirectly  controls, is controlled by, or  is  under  common
control with, the person in question.

                           ARTICLE IV
                          Reimbursement

      Except  as  otherwise provided in the  Exchange  Agreement,
dated  as of August 12, 1997, among the Partnership, the  Manager
and  certain of their affiliates, the Partnership shall  promptly
reimburse  the  Manager  for all costs and  expenses  (direct  or
indirect)   incurred  by  the  Manager  which  are  directly   or
indirectly  related  to  the  business  or  activities   of   the
Partnership (including, without limitation, expenses,  direct  or
indirect, reasonably allocated to the Manager by its affiliates).
The  Partnership shall also promptly reimburse any former Manager
for  all such costs incurred by it after a successor becomes  the
Manager hereunder.  If the former Manager has been removed, these
costs  may  include any severance costs required as a  result  of
such former Manager ceasing to be the Manager of the Partnership.

                            ARTICLE V
               No Interest Conveyed to the Manager

      This Agreement is a management agreement only and does  not
convey  to the Manager any right, title or interest in or to  any
assets of the Partnership, except that the Manager shall have and
is hereby granted a license to enter upon and use such assets for
the purpose of performing its duties and obligations hereunder.

                           ARTICLE VI
                 Termination; Successor Manager

     6.01   Termination.  Upon dissolution and liquidation of the
Partnership, this Agreement shall terminate.

      6.02   Successor Manager.  In the event the General Partner
withdraws  or  is  removed from the Partnership and  a  successor
becomes the General Partner, the successor General partner  shall
automatically  become  the Manager of the Partnership  and  shall
succeed  to  all  of the rights and obligations  of  the  Manager
hereunder  (provided that such succession shall  not  affect  the
rights of any former Manager to reimbursement provided by Article
IV  hereof),  and  the  former Manager and  its  successor  shall
execute  an  instrument evidencing such succession.  As  soon  as
practicable  after  the effective date of  such  succession,  the
former Manager shall, at the cost and expense of the Partnership,
deliver  all  records,  data and information  pertaining  to  the
business and affairs of the Partnership to the successor Manager.

                           ARTICLE VII
                   Reports, Records and Access

     The Manager shall prepare, maintain and furnish all reports,
records and information required by the Partnership Agreement.

                          ARTICLE VIII
                       General Provisions

      8.01   Reliance by Third Parties.  Notwithstanding anything
to  the contrary in this Agreement, no lender, purchaser or other
person  shall be required to look to the application of  proceeds
hereunder  or to verify any representation by the Manager  as  to
the  extent of the interest in the Partnership's assets that  the
Manager  is entitled to encumber, sell or otherwise use, and  any
such  lender, purchaser or other person shall be entitled to rely
exclusively  on  the representations of the  Manager  as  to  its
authority  to enter into such financing or sale arrangements  and
shall  be  entitled to deal with the Manager, without joinder  of
any  other  persons,  as if it were the sole  party  in  interest
therein, both legally and beneficially.

     8.02   Address and Notices.  Any notice under this Agreement
to  the  Partnership  or the Manager shall  be  deemed  given  if
received  by  it  in  writing  at the  principal  office  of  the
Partnership designated in the Partnership Agreement.

      8.03    Headings.  All article or section headings in  this
Agreement  are for convenience only and shall not  be  deemed  to
control  or  affect the meaning or construction  of  any  of  the
provisions hereof.

     8.04   Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon
and  inure  to  the  benefit  of the  parties  hereto  and  their
successors  but  shall not be assignable except  as  provided  in
Section 6.02.

      8.05    Integration.  This Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement  among  the parties pertaining to  the  subject  matter
hereof  and  supersedes all prior agreements  and  understandings
pertaining thereto.

      8.06   Waiver.  No failure by any party to insist upon  the
strict  performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition
of  this  Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent
upon  a  breach  thereof shall constitute a waiver  of  any  such
breach or of any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition.

      8.07   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any
number  of  counterparts, all of which together shall  constitute
one agreement binding on the parties hereto.

       8.08     Accounting  Principles.   All  financial  reports
requested  to be rendered under this Agreement shall be  prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

      8.09   Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is
or  becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions
hereof,  or  of such provision in other respects,  shall  not  be
affected thereby.

      8.10   Applicable Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by
and  construed and enforced in accordance with the  laws  of  the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by
the parties hereto as of the date first above written.

                              PARTNERSHIP:

                              BUCKEYE PIPE LINE COMPANY, L.P.

                              By: BUCKEYE PIPE LINE COMPANY,
                                 As General Partner

                                By:/s/  Stephen C. Muther
                                 Stephen C. Muther
                                 Senior Vice President-Administration,
                                 General Counsel and Secretary


                              MANAGER:

                              BUCKEYE PIPE LINE COMPANY

                                By:/s/  Stephen  C.  Muther
                                 Stephen C. Muther
                                 Senior Vice President-Administration,
                                 General Counsel and Secretary






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
